philip.allen@enron.com	1	Philip Allen	N/A
allen@enron.com	1	Philip Allen	N/A
allen@rice.edu	1	Philip Allen	N/A
a..allen@enron.com	1	Philip Allen	N/A
'allen@enron.com	1	Philip Allen	N/A
john.arnold@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@cruiselife.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@pgsenergy.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
.'john@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
'arnold@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@heritagetrustokc.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
arnold@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@cambira.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@up-mag.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@lonestarmedical.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@amerexenergy.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@minimadesign.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@wibbet.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
john.arnold@enron.com	2	John Arnold	Vice President
harpreet.arora@enron.com	3	Harpreet Arora	Vice President
arora@enron.com	3	Harpreet Arora	Vice President
robert.badeer@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
robert@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
badeer@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
robert@kovair.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
robert.@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
robert.badeer@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
robert@mresearch.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
.'robert@enron.com	4	Robert Badeer	Director
susan.bailey@enron.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
bailey@enron.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
susan@metronet.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
susan.bailey@enron.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
bailey@wakefield.k12.ma.us	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
susan@enron.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
susan@prescottlegal.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
susan@ladonnagatlin.com	5	Susan Bailey	N/A
eric.bass@enron.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@enron.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@aperia.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric_bass@enron.net	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@aquaticandwetland.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@ehirst.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric.bass@enron.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@jensenmotorsport.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
eric@om28.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
bass.eric@enron.com	6	Eric Bass	Trader
don.baughman@enron.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don@axiomsl.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don@gfigroup.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don@enron.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don_baughman@enron.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don@tapscott.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don@monm.edu	7	Don Baughman	Trader
d..baughman@enron.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don.baughman@enron.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
don.baughman@marshmc.com	7	Don Baughman	Trader
sally.beck@enron.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
sally.beck@enron.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
sally_beck@enron.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
sally@iplace.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
sally.beck@alumni.utexas.net	8	Sally Beck	Employee
beck@enron.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
sally@enron.com	8	Sally Beck	Employee
robert.benson@enron.com	9	Robert Benson	Director
robert.benson@enron.com	9	Robert Benson	Director
benson@haas.berkeley.edu	9	Robert Benson	Director
lynn.blair@enron.com	10	Lynn Blair	N/A
lynn.blair@enron.com	10	Lynn Blair	N/A
blair@uh.edu	10	Lynn Blair	N/A
'blair@enron.com	10	Lynn Blair	N/A
lynn@enron.com	10	Lynn Blair	N/A
sandra.brawner@enron.com	11	Sandra Brawner	Director
brawner@enron.com	11	Sandra Brawner	Director
sandra.brawner@enron.com	11	Sandra Brawner	Director
'brawner@enron.com	11	Sandra Brawner	Director
rick.buy@enron.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
buy@enron.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
rick@osubeavers.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
rick.buy@enron.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
rick@enron.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
rick'.'buy@enron.com	12	Rick Buy	Manager
larry.campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry_campbell@eott.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry.campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry_campbell@hotmail.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
'.'campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry@bravotex.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry_campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
larry@cyberiandesign.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
'campbell@enron.com	13	Larry Campbell	N/A
mike.carson@enron.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@tonkon.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@enron.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@searchconsultants.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@tonkin.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@way-wired.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@perfect.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@genscape.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
carson@us.ibm.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
'.'mike@enron.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@venturing.net	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@mikedodd.net	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@koyosha.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@llamacom.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
.'mike@enron.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike@hkhlaw.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
mike.carson@enron.com	14	Mike Carson	Employee
michelle.cash@enron.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
michelle@firstconf.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
cash@sportadvisors.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
michelle@fea.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
michelle.cash@enron.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
michelle_cash@enron.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
michelle@enron.com	15	Michelle Cash	N/A
monika.causholli@enron.com	16	Monika Causholli	Employee
monika.causholli@enron.com	16	Monika Causholli	Employee
shelley.corman@enron.com	17	Shelley Corman	Vice President
corman@enron.com	17	Shelley Corman	Vice President
shelley.corman@enron.com	17	Shelley Corman	Vice President
shelley_corman@enron.com	17	Shelley Corman	Vice President
sean.crandall@enron.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
sean.crandall@enron.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
sean@enron.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
sean@audionmore.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
crandall@notes.enron.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
sean@witheveryidlehour.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
crandall@enron.com	18	Sean Crandall	Director
martin.cuilla@enron.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@rotman.utoronto.ca	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@enron.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin_cuilla@enron.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@sbu.edu	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin.cuilla@enron.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@apbenergy.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
_martin@baylor.edu	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
'martin@enron.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@heelas-joergensen.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
martin@electrapartners.com	19	Martin Cuilla	Manager
jeff.dasovich@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dasovich@haas.berkeley.edu	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dasovich@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff_dasovich@ees.enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dasovich@wco.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@cclbranding.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@hoogendam.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
.'jeff@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@pinnaclexec.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@lowrisk.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff.dasovich@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dasovich@inhale.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff@smartprice.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
jeff_dasovich@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dasovich.jeff@enron.com	20	Jeff Dasovich	Employee
dana.davis@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
dana.davis@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
davis@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
davis.dana@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
dana@gablegroup.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
d..davis@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
dana_davis@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
dana@enron.com	21	Dana Davis	N/A
davis@haas.berkeley.edu	21	Dana Davis	N/A
craig.dean@enron.com	22	Craig Dean	Trader
dean@energyclasses.com	22	Craig Dean	Trader
craig@ef.org	22	Craig Dean	Trader
craig.dean@ey.com	22	Craig Dean	Trader
craig.dean@enron.com	22	Craig Dean	Trader
craig@stollerinc.com	22	Craig Dean	Trader
david.delainey@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@smartstaffpersonnel.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@esp-net.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@emcris.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david.delainey@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
delainey'.'david@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
'delainey@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@columbia.org	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@bitstream.net	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@eenews.net	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@forestweb.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
'david.delainey'@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@enlineresources.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@ddh-pd.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@macynewman.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
delainey@enron.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@intellibridge.com	23	David Delainey	CEO
david@carbonflux.org	23	David Delainey	CEO
james.derrick@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
james@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
derrick@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
james.derrick@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
james_derrick@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
james'.'derrick@enron.com	24	James Derrick	In House Lawyer
stacy.dickson@enron.com	25	Stacy Dickson	Employee
stacy.-@enron.com	25	Stacy Dickson	Employee
stacy.dickson@enron.com	25	Stacy Dickson	Employee
'.'stacy@enron.com	25	Stacy Dickson	Employee
stacy@mslsearch.com	25	Stacy Dickson	Employee
lindy.donoho@enron.com	26	Lindy Donoho	Employee
lindy.donoho@enron.com	26	Lindy Donoho	Employee
tom.donohoe@enron.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom.donohoe@enron.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@empirenatgas.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
donohoe@dell.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@uamps.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@enron.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@ecogas.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@ranches.org	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
tom@mantires.com	27	Tom Donohoe	N/A
chris.dorland@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@lacima.co.uk	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris.dorland@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
dorland@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@bergenaction.net	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
'.'chris@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@lacimagroup.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris.dorland@msn.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@sheckys.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@baypartners.co	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@capstoneenergy.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@apbenergy.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
dorland.chris@enron.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@bram.net	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@newmediaworx.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
chris@dahlelectric.com	28	Chris Dorland	Employee
frank.ermis@enron.com	29	Frank Ermis	Director
frank.ermis@enron.com	29	Frank Ermis	Director
frank@enron.com	29	Frank Ermis	Director
'frank@enron.com	29	Frank Ermis	Director
frank@haas.berkeley.edu	29	Frank Ermis	Director
daren.farmer@enron.com	30	Daren Farmer	Manager
daren.farmer@enron.com	30	Daren Farmer	Manager
farmer@enron.com	30	Daren Farmer	Manager
mary.fischer@enron.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
mary@esisf.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
mary.fischer@enron.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
mary@enron.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
mary@cowlesgallery.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
mary@cowlesgalllery.com	31	Mary Fischer	Employee
john.forney@enron.com	32	John Forney	Manager
forney@enron.com	32	John Forney	Manager
john.forney@enron.com	32	John Forney	Manager
drew.fossum@enron.com	33	Drew Fossum	Vice President
drew@enron.com	33	Drew Fossum	Vice President
drew_fossum@enron.com	33	Drew Fossum	Vice President
drew.fossum@enron.com	33	Drew Fossum	Vice President
fossum@enron.com	33	Drew Fossum	Vice President
lisa.gang@enron.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@donwat.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@enron.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@casa-de-clarke.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
'lisa'@enron.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa.gang@enron.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@imarkets.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@buysidedirect.com	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
lisa@techxans.org	34	Lisa Gang	N/A
randall.gay@enron.com	35	Randall Gay	N/A
randall.gay@enron.com	35	Randall Gay	N/A
randall@scicomp.com	35	Randall Gay	N/A
randall@gfsmiami.com	35	Randall Gay	N/A
tracy.geaccone@enron.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy.geaccone@enron.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy@texexenergy.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy@enron.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy@kkjz.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy_geaccone@enron.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
tracy@consumerinfo.com	36	Tracy Geaccone	Employee
chris.germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
'germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
c.germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
chris_germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
chris.germany@enron.com	37	Chris Germany	Employee
douglas.gilberthsmith@enron.com	38	Douglas GilberthSmith	Manager
douglas@enron.com	38	Douglas GilberthSmith	Manager
douglas@chelanpud.org	38	Douglas GilberthSmith	Manager
daron.giron@enron.com	39	Daron Giron	Employee
daron@mwe.com	39	Daron Giron	Employee
giron@enron.com	39	Daron Giron	Employee
john.giffith@enron.com	40	John Giffith	Managing Director
michael.grigsby@enron.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@gladwin.net	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@karimrashid.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@zilkha.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@optsevents.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@unitedcrude.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@enron.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@pnge.psu.edu	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@eeg.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
michael@evineyard.com	41	Michael Grigsby	Manager
mark.guzman@enron.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
.'mark@enron.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@skiparkcityutah.net	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@lum.net	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@evans-automation.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@enron.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@junell.cc	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@intelligencepress.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@fea.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@capstone-ta.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark.guzman@enron.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@drapple.com	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark@cleandrive.net	42	Mark Guzman	Trader
mark.haedicke@enron.com	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
haedicke@mailman.enron.com	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
mark.h@mail.utexas.edu	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
mark_haedicke@enron.net	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
mark.haedicke@enron.com	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
haedicke.mark@enron.com	43	Mark Haedicke	Managing Director
mary.hain@enron.com	44	Mary Hain	In House Lawyer
mary_hain@enron.com	44	Mary Hain	In House Lawyer
mary.hain@enron.com	44	Mary Hain	In House Lawyer
steven.harris@enron.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
steven.harris@enron.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
harris@wheelerads.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
'harris@enron.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
steven@stoft.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
steven.-@enron.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
steven@iepa.com	45	Steven Harris	N/A
rod.hayslett@enron.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
hayslett@enron.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
rod.hayslett@enron.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
rod@canion.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
hayslett.rod@enron.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
rod.hayslett@enron.c	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
rod@enron.com	46	Rod Hayslett	Vice President
marie.heard@enron.com	47	Marie Heard	N/A
marie_heard@enron.net	47	Marie Heard	N/A
marie@ecogas.com	47	Marie Heard	N/A
marie.heard@enron.com	47	Marie Heard	N/A
scott.hendrickson@enron.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@darkwing.uoregon.edu	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@hbb-law.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@enron.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
hendrickson@enron.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@westarmortgage.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@nypcdsn02.eq.gs.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
_scott@enron.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@scottpaul.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott.hendrickson@enron.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@amerexenergy.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@focuscapital.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
scott@pinnaclexec.com	48	Scott Hendrickson	N/A
juan.hernandez@enron.com	49	Juan Hernandez	N/A
hernandez@enron.com	49	Juan Hernandez	N/A
juan.hernandez@enron.com	49	Juan Hernandez	N/A
john.hodge@enron.com	50	John Hodge	Managing Director
hodge@enron.com	50	John Hodge	Managing Director
john.hodge@enron.com	50	John Hodge	Managing Director
keith.holst@enron.com	51	Keith Holst	Director
keith@diverseworks.org	51	Keith Holst	Director
keith.holst@enron.com	51	Keith Holst	Director
stanley.horton@enron.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
stanley_horton@eott.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
horton@ei.enron.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
stanley.horton@enron.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
horton@enron.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
stanley_horton@enron.com	52	Stanley Horton	President
kevin.hyatt@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
hyatt@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
kevin.hyatt@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
hyatt'.'kevin@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
kevin@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
kevin.hyatt@carsmart.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
'kevin'@enron.com	53	Kevin Hyatt	Director
dan.hyvl@enron.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
dan@vcrhouston.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
dan.hyvl@enron.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
dan@enron.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
dan@treebeards.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
dan@lcook.com	54	Dan Hyvl	Employee
tana.jones@enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
tana_jones@enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
jones@enron.ene.karen	55	Tana Jones	N/A
j..jones@enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
jones@mca-architects.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
tana_jones@enron.com.enron.net	55	Tana Jones	N/A
jones@vapower.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
jones@mailman.enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
tana.jones@enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
'jones@enron.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
jones@mackenziefinancial.com	55	Tana Jones	N/A
vince.kaminski@enron.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
kaminski@mailman.enron.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
vince_kaminski@enron.net	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
vince@gfigroup.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
kaminski@enron.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
vince@michelson-realty.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
kaminski@aol.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
vince.kaminski@enron.com	56	Vince Kaminski	Manager
steven.kean@enron.com	57	Steven Kean	Vice President
kean@rice.edu	57	Steven Kean	Vice President
kean@rice.com	57	Steven Kean	Vice President
kean@enron.com	57	Steven Kean	Vice President
steven.kean@enron.com	57	Steven Kean	Vice President
peter.keavey@enron.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter@richardsonandoleary.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
p.keavey@socgen.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter.keavey@socgen.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter@cea.sfex.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter@enron.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter.keavey@us.socgen.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter@dingwall.junglelink.co.uk	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
keavey@enron.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter@libation.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
peter.keavey@enron.com	58	Peter Keavey	Employee
kam.keiser@enron.com	59	Kam Keiser	Employee
kam.keiser@enron.com	59	Kam Keiser	Employee
'keiser@enron.com	59	Kam Keiser	Employee
jeff.king@enron.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
jeff.king@apachecorp.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
jeff.king@enron.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
j_king@gvastrategis.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
'king@enron.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
king@enron.com	60	Jeff King	Manager
louise.kitchen@enron.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
kitchen@enron.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
louise@enron.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
louise.kitchen@enron.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
louise'.'kitchen@enron.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
kitchen@email.bhg.com	61	Louise Kitchen	President
tori.kuykendall@enron.com	62	Tori Kuykendall	Trader
'kuykendall@enron.com	62	Tori Kuykendall	Trader
tori.kuykendall@enron.com	62	Tori Kuykendall	Trader
tori.kuykendall@rweamericas.com	62	Tori Kuykendall	Trader
john.lavorato@enron.com	63	John Lavorato	CEO
lavorato@sympatico.ca	63	John Lavorato	CEO
john.lavorato@enron.com	63	John Lavorato	CEO
lavorato@enron.com	63	John Lavorato	CEO
j..lavorato@enron.com	63	John Lavorato	CEO
kenneth.lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
kenneth@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
lay.kenneth@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
k.lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
k_lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
kenneth_lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
k.l.lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
kenneth.l.lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
kenneth_lay@enron.net	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
kenneth.lay@enron.com	64	Kenneth Lay	CEO
matthew.lenhart@enron.com	65	Matthew Lenhart	Employee
'.'matthew@enron.com	65	Matthew Lenhart	Employee
matthew.lenhart@enron.com	65	Matthew Lenhart	Employee
'.''matthew@enron.com	65	Matthew Lenhart	Employee
andrew.lewis@enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
andrew.lewis@enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
'lewis@enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
andrew@enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
lewis@enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
lewis@mailman.enron.com	66	Andrew Lewis	Director
eric.linder@enron.com	67	Eric Linder	N/A
eric_linder@enron.com	67	Eric Linder	N/A
eric.linder@enron.com	67	Eric Linder	N/A
michelle.lokay@enron.com	68	Michelle Lokay	Employee
michelle.lokay@enron.com	68	Michelle Lokay	Employee
lokay@bigfoot.com	68	Michelle Lokay	Employee
lokay@bgfoot.com	68	Michelle Lokay	Employee
teb.lokey@enron.com	69	Teb Lokey	Manager
teb_lokey@enron.com	69	Teb Lokey	Manager
teb.lokey@enron.com	69	Teb Lokey	Manager
phillip.love@enron.com	70	Phillip Love	N/A
phillip@ingular.com	70	Phillip Love	N/A
love@enron.com	70	Phillip Love	N/A
'love@enron.com	70	Phillip Love	N/A
phillip.love@enron.com	70	Phillip Love	N/A
love@cl.uh.edu	70	Phillip Love	N/A
paul.lucci@enron.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@txdriving.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@coleandashcroft.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@ati.utexas.edu	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul.lucci@enron.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@psd7.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
'paul'@enron.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@zairmail.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@enron.com	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
paul@diverseworks.org	71	Paul Lucci	Employee
michael.maggi@enron.com	72	Michael Maggi	Director
kay.mann@enron.com	73	Kay Mann	Employee
mann@enron.com	73	Kay Mann	Employee
kay.mann@enron.com	73	Kay Mann	Employee
mann.kay@enron.com	73	Kay Mann	Employee
kay.mann@att.worldnet.net	73	Kay Mann	Employee
kay.mann@worldnet.att.net	73	Kay Mann	Employee
thomas.martin@enron.com	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
'thomas@enron.com	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
martin.thomas@enron.com	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
thomas@enron.com	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
thomas@wharton.upenn.edu	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
thomas.martin@enron.com	74	Thomas Martin	Vice President
lawrence.may@enron.com	75	Lawrence May	Director
may@enron.com	75	Lawrence May	Director
l..lawrence@enron.com	75	Lawrence May	Director
danny.mccarty@enron.com	76	Danny McCarty	Vice President
mccarty.danny@enron.com	76	Danny McCarty	Vice President
danny.mccarty@enron.com	76	Danny McCarty	Vice President
mccarty@enron.com	76	Danny McCarty	Vice President
mike.mcconnell@enron.com	77	Mike McConnell	N/A
mcconnell.mike@enron.com	77	Mike McConnell	N/A
mike.mcconnell@enron.com	77	Mike McConnell	N/A
mike.mcconnell@ect.enron.com	77	Mike McConnell	N/A
'mcconnell@enron.com	77	Mike McConnell	N/A
bradley.mckay@enron.com	78	Bradley Mckay	Employee
bradley@enron.com	78	Bradley Mckay	Employee
mckay@enron.com	78	Bradley Mckay	Employee
bradley@stanford.edu	78	Bradley Mckay	Employee
bradley@morrownet.net	78	Bradley Mckay	Employee
jonathan.mckay@enron.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
jonathan@just-works.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
mckay.jonathan@enron.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
jonathan.mckay@enron.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
jonathan@gersten.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
jonathan@enron.com	79	Jonathan Mckay	Director
errol.mclaughlin@enron.com	80	Errol McLaughlin	Employee
errol@ev1.net	80	Errol McLaughlin	Employee
errol.mclaughlin@enron.com	80	Errol McLaughlin	Employee
steven.merriss@enron.com	81	Steven Merriss	N/A
steven.merriss@enron.com	81	Steven Merriss	N/A
albert.meyers@enron.com	82	Albert Meyers	Employee
meyers@wt.net	82	Albert Meyers	Employee
albert.meyers@enron.com	82	Albert Meyers	Employee
patrice.mims-thurston@enron.com	83	Patrice Mims-Thurston	N/A
patrice.mims@enron.com	83	Patrice Mims-Thurston	N/A
patrice@mailman.enron.com	83	Patrice Mims-Thurston	N/A
mims@enron.com	83	Patrice Mims-Thurston	N/A
mims@mailman.enron.com	83	Patrice Mims-Thurston	N/A
matthew.motley@enron.com	84	Matthew Motley	Director
scott.neal@enron.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
neal@morganstanley.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
neal@enron.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
scott.neal@worldnet.att.net	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
'neal@enron.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
neal.scott@enron.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
neal@williams.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
scott.neal@enron.com	85	Scott Neal	Vice President
gerald.nemec@enron.com	86	Gerald Nemec	N/A
gerald@enron.com	86	Gerald Nemec	N/A
gerald.nemec@enron.com	86	Gerald Nemec	N/A
nemec@mailman.enron.com	86	Gerald Nemec	N/A
stephanie.panus@enron.com	87	Stephanie Panus	Employee
stephanie@enron.com	87	Stephanie Panus	Employee
stephanie.panus@enron.com	87	Stephanie Panus	Employee
joe.parks@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe.parks@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
'parks@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@fpud.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@joewhite.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
parks'.'joe@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@zilkha.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@haas.berkeley.edu	88	Joe Parks	N/A
parks.joe@enron.com	88	Joe Parks	N/A
joe@lyric.org	88	Joe Parks	N/A
susan.pereira@enron.com	89	Susan Pereira	Employee
pereira@houston.rr.com	89	Susan Pereira	Employee
pereira.susan@enron.com	89	Susan Pereira	Employee
susan.pereira@enron.com	89	Susan Pereira	Employee
debra.perlingiere@enron.com	90	Debra Perlingiere	N/A
debra.perlingiere@enron.com	90	Debra Perlingiere	N/A
vladi.pimenov@enron.com	91	Vladi Pimenov	N/A
vladi.pimenov@enron.com	91	Vladi Pimenov	N/A
phillip.platter@enron.com	92	Phillip Platter	Employee
phillip.platter@enron.com	92	Phillip Platter	Employee
kevin.presto@enron.com	93	Kevin Presto	Vice President
kevin.presto@enron.com	93	Kevin Presto	Vice President
k.presto@enron.com	93	Kevin Presto	Vice President
presto@enron.com	93	Kevin Presto	Vice President
joe.quenet@enron.com	94	Joe Quenet	Trader
joe.quenet@enron.com	94	Joe Quenet	Trader
dutch.quigley@enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
quigley@cse.ucla.edu	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
dutch@enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
quigley.dutch@enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
dutch_quigley@enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
dutch_quigley@yahoo.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
dutch.quigley@ect.enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
dutch.quigley@enron.com	95	Dutch Quigley	N/A
bill.rapp@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill.@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
rapp@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill.rapp@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@friedwire.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
.'bill@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@yahoo.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@beachheadmusic.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@bercores.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@katzlaw.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@enron.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@mondes.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
bill@outlook.katzlaw.com	96	Bill Rapp	N/A
jay.reitmeyer@enron.com	97	Jay Reitmeyer	Employee
jay@jayjimenea.com	97	Jay Reitmeyer	Employee
jay.reitmeyer@enron.com	97	Jay Reitmeyer	Employee
.'jay@enron.com	97	Jay Reitmeyer	Employee
cooper.richey@enron.com	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
cooper.richey@enron.com	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
cooper@aopl.org	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
cooper@llamacom.com	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
cooper@enron.com	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
richey@erols.com	98	Cooper Richey	Manager
andrea.ring@enron.com	99	Andrea Ring	N/A
andrea.ring@enron.com	99	Andrea Ring	N/A
andrea@enron.com	99	Andrea Ring	N/A
richard.ring@enron.com	100	Richard Ring	Employee
richard.ring@enron.com	100	Richard Ring	Employee
richard@enron.com	100	Richard Ring	Employee
richard@ceg.com	100	Richard Ring	Employee
richard@hmbc.org	100	Richard Ring	Employee
robin.rodrigue@enron.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin@perfect.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin'.'rodrigue@enron.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin@paragon-md.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin@hoganinvestment.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin@enron.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
robin.rodrigue@enron.com	101	Robin Rodrigue	N/A
benjamin.rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
'rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
r..rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
benjamin.rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
daniel.r.rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
daniel.rogers@enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
benjamin.rogers@ect.enron.com	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
benjamin@wt.net	102	Benjamin Rogers	N/A
kevin.ruscitti@enron.com	103	Kevin Ruscitti	Trader
kevin.ruscitti@enron.com	103	Kevin Ruscitti	Trader
elizabeth.sager@enron.com	104	Elizabeth Sager	Employee
elizabeth@media-enterprises.com	104	Elizabeth Sager	Employee
elizabeth@enron.com	104	Elizabeth Sager	Employee
elizabeth.sager@enron.com	104	Elizabeth Sager	Employee
eric.saibi@enron.com	105	Eric Saibi	Trader
eric.saibi@houston.rr.com	105	Eric Saibi	Trader
eric.saibi@enron.com	105	Eric Saibi	Trader
holden.salisbury@enron.com	106	Holden Salisbury	Employee
salisbury@spiretech.com	106	Holden Salisbury	Employee
holden.salisbury@enron.com	106	Holden Salisbury	Employee
monique.sanchez@enron.com	107	Monique Sanchez	N/A
s..sanchez@enron.com	107	Monique Sanchez	N/A
sanchez@enron.com	107	Monique Sanchez	N/A
monique.sanchez@enron.com	107	Monique Sanchez	N/A
richard.sanders@enron.com	108	Richard Sanders	Vice President
'sanders@enron.com	108	Richard Sanders	Vice President
'richard.sanders@enron.com	108	Richard Sanders	Vice President
richard.sanders@enron.com	108	Richard Sanders	Vice President
diana.scholtes@enron.com	109	Diana Scholtes	Trader
d_scholtes@hotmail.com	109	Diana Scholtes	Trader
diana.scholtes@enron.com	109	Diana Scholtes	Trader
darrell.schoolcraft@enron.com	110	Darrell Schoolcraft	N/A
darrell.schoolcraft@enron.com	110	Darrell Schoolcraft	N/A
darrell@sbsc.org	110	Darrell Schoolcraft	N/A
schoolcraft'.'darrell@enron.com	110	Darrell Schoolcraft	N/A
darrell@enron.com	110	Darrell Schoolcraft	N/A
jim.schwieger@enron.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim@evans-automation.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim@enron.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim.schwieger@enron.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim@sea-change.org	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim@flyashdirect.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
schwieger@enron.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim@esp-net.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
jim.schwieger@rr.houston.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
.'jim@enron.com	111	Jim Schwieger	Trader
susan.scott@enron.com	112	Susan Scott	N/A
scott.susan@enron.com	112	Susan Scott	N/A
susan.scott@compaq.com	112	Susan Scott	N/A
susan'.'scott@enron.com	112	Susan Scott	N/A
susan.scott@enron.com	112	Susan Scott	N/A
cara.semperger@enron.com	113	Cara Semperger	Employee
cara.semperger@enron.com	113	Cara Semperger	Employee
semperger@enron.com	113	Cara Semperger	Employee
sara.shackleton@enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
shackleton@worldnet.att.net	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
sara_shackleton@enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
shackleton@enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
sara@allgreek2me.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
sara@diverseworks.org	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
shackleton.sara@enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
sara.shackleton@db.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
shackleton@austin.rr.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
sara.shackleton@enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
shackleton@mailman.enron.com	114	Sara Shackleton	N/A
jeffrey.shankman@enron.com	115	Jeffrey Shankman	President
jeffrey.shankman@enron.com	115	Jeffrey Shankman	President
jeffrey@enron.com	115	Jeffrey Shankman	President
shankman@enron.com	115	Jeffrey Shankman	President
richard.shapiro@enron.com	116	Richard Shapiro	Vice President
shapiro@enron.com	116	Richard Shapiro	Vice President
shapiro@haas.berkeley.edu	116	Richard Shapiro	Vice President
richard.shapiro@enron.com	116	Richard Shapiro	Vice President
hunter.shively@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
hunter.s.shively@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
hunter@dynegy.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
shively@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
s..shively@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
hunter.shively@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
hunter@enron.com	117	Hunter Shively	Vice President
jeffery.skilling@enron.com	118	Jeffery Skilling	CEO
skilling@tribune.com	118	Jeffery Skilling	CEO
skilling@enron.com	118	Jeffery Skilling	CEO
ryan.slinger@enron.com	119	Ryan Slinger	Trader
ryan@enron.com	119	Ryan Slinger	Trader
ryan.slinger@enron.com	119	Ryan Slinger	Trader
matt.smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt_smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt@sixfootstudios.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
s..smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
smith@bcm.tmc.edu	120	Matt Smith	N/A
m..smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt.smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt@internetex.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
'smith@enron.com	120	Matt Smith	N/A
matt@fastpacket.net	120	Matt Smith	N/A
geir.solberg@enron.com	121	Geir Solberg	Employee
geir.solberg@enron.com	121	Geir Solberg	Employee
geir@hjcyachts.com	121	Geir Solberg	Employee
geir@hjyachts.com	121	Geir Solberg	Employee
steven.south@enron.com	122	Steven South	N/A
steven.south@enron.com	122	Steven South	N/A
theresa.staab@enron.com	123	Theresa Staab	Employee
theresa_staab@enron.com	123	Theresa Staab	Employee
theresa.staab@enron.com	123	Theresa Staab	Employee
carol.stclair@enron.com	124	Carol StClair	In House Lawyer
.'carol@enron.com	124	Carol StClair	In House Lawyer
carol@enron.com	124	Carol StClair	In House Lawyer
carol@iepa.com	124	Carol StClair	In House Lawyer
james.steffes@enron.com	125	James Steffes	Vice President
james.steffes@enron.com	125	James Steffes	Vice President
steffes@enron.com	125	James Steffes	Vice President
steffes.james@enron.com	125	James Steffes	Vice President
joe.stepenovitch@enron.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
joe_stepenovitch@enron.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
joe.stepenovitch@enron.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
stepenovitch@enron.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
joe_stepenovitch@fpl.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
joe.s@my2way.com	126	Joe Stepenovitch	Vice President
chris.stokley@enron.com	127	Chris Stokley	N/A
chris.stokley@enron.com	127	Chris Stokley	N/A
geoffery.storey@enron.com	128	Geoffery Storey	Director
fletcher.sturm@enron.com	129	Fletcher Sturm	Vice President
fletcher@enron.com	129	Fletcher Sturm	Vice President
fletcher.sturm@enron.com	129	Fletcher Sturm	Vice President
mike.swerzbin@enron.com	130	Mike Swerzbin	Trader
mike.swerzbin@enron.com	130	Mike Swerzbin	Trader
swerzbin@home.com	130	Mike Swerzbin	Trader
kate.symes@enron.com	131	Kate Symes	Employee
kate@powerbrokersllc.com	131	Kate Symes	Employee
kate.symes@enron.com	131	Kate Symes	Employee
kate@lawseminars.com	131	Kate Symes	Employee
mark.taylor@enron.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
mark.taylor@enron.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
'taylor@enron.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
taylor@theamesco.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
m..taylor@enron.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
taylor@enron.com	132	Mark Taylor	Employee
jane.tholt@enron.com	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
jane@travelpark.com	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
jane@haas.berkeley.edu	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
jane@sieblerhome.fsnet.co.uk	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
jane@enron.com	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
jane.tholt@enron.com	133	Jane Tholt	Vice President
paul.thomas@enron.com	134	Paul Thomas	N/A
thomas.'paul@enron.com	134	Paul Thomas	N/A
paul.thomas@enron.com	134	Paul Thomas	N/A
judy.townsend@enron.com	135	Judy Townsend	Employee
judy@enron.com	135	Judy Townsend	Employee
judy.townsend@enron.com	135	Judy Townsend	Employee
barry.tycholiz@enron.com	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
tycholiz@barry.tycholiz	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
barry.tycholiz@enron.com	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
'barry.tycholiz'@enron.com	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
tycholiz@enron.com	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
barry@enron.com	136	Barry Tycholiz	Vice President
kim.ward@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
kim@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
kim.ward@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
'ward@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
kim@mooneyinsurance.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
ward@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
ward'.'kim@enron.com	137	Kim Ward	N/A
ward@vericom.ca	137	Kim Ward	N/A
kimberly.watson@enron.com	138	Kimberly Watson	N/A
kimberly.watson@enron.com	138	Kimberly Watson	N/A
watson@enron.com	138	Kimberly Watson	N/A
'watson@enron.com	138	Kimberly Watson	N/A
charles.weldon@enron.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
charles@enron.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
charles.weldon@enron.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
charles@capstoneenergy.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
weldon@enron.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
charles@gcfonline.com	139	Charles Weldon	N/A
lawrence.greg@enron.com	140	Lawrence Greg Whalley	President
greg@apbenergy.com	140	Lawrence Greg Whalley	President
greg@pira.com	140	Lawrence Greg Whalley	President
greg@enron.com	140	Lawrence Greg Whalley	President
stacey.white@enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
stacey.white@enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
s..white@enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
stacey.white@ect.enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
stacey.w.white@enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
w..white@enron.com	141	Stacey White	N/A
mark.whitt@enron.com	142	Mark Whitt	N/A
mark.whitt@enron.com	142	Mark Whitt	N/A
'whitt@enron.com	142	Mark Whitt	N/A
jason.williams@enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
'williams@enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
williams@enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
williams@mailman.enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
williams@enron.ene.matthew	143	Jason Williams	N/A
jason.williams@enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
jason@enron.com	143	Jason Williams	N/A
william.williams@enron.com	144	William Williams III	N/A
william@enron.com	144	William Williams III	N/A
jason.wolfe@enron.com	145	Jason Wolfe	N/A
jason.wolfe@enron.com	145	Jason Wolfe	N/A
paul.ybarbo@enron.com	146	Paul YBarbo	N/A
andy.zipper@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
zipper@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy.zipper@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@episa.ch	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@spectronenergy.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@haas.berkeley.edu	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
.'andy@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@netconversions.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@kalotay.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
zipper.andy@enron.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
andy@apbenergy.com	147	Andy Zipper	Vice President
john.zufferli@enron.com	148	John Zufferli	Employee
john_zufferli@enron.com	148	John Zufferli	Employee
john.zufferli@enron.com	148	John Zufferli	Employee
zufferli@enron.com	148	John Zufferli	Employee
muncheysmom@netscape.net	149	null	null
john.van@enron.com	150	null	null
van@enron.com	150	null	null
spereir@ect.enron.com	151	null	null
isacadena@yahoo.com	152	null	null
terrill_bruce@prc.com	153	null	null
bruce@associatedcounsel.com	153	null	null
bruce@gilsmith.demon.co.uk	153	null	null
bruce@sustainableharvest.org	153	null	null
bruce@haas.berkeley.edu	153	null	null
ahl_34@yahoo.com	154	null	null
ahebert@akingump.com	155	null	null
shermanj@sullcrom.com	156	null	null
vkurella@rice.edu	157	null	null
sbailey@crusescott.com	158	null	null
sbailey@millarmail.com	158	null	null
rsloboda@pica.army.mil	159	null	null
newspick@mailrelay.uni-stuttgart.de	160	null	null
p10621@jippii.fi	161	null	null
insite@datek.m0.net	162	null	null
insite@datek2.m0.net	162	null	null
om_80710741@cmates.com	163	null	null
lcook@globalcrossing.com	164	null	null
david.ronkainen@enron.com	165	null	null
jungsuk.suh@enron.com	166	null	null
lacooper@dow.com	167	null	null
meg_daniel@yahoo.com	168	null	null
meg@enron.com	168	null	null
daniel@enron.com	168	null	null
meg@vitol.com	168	null	null
nobles.david@enron.com	169	null	null
david_nobles@ewingcc.com	169	null	null
gary.zahn@enron.com	170	null	null
gary@henrypetroleum.com	170	null	null
gary@creativepanel.com	170	null	null
.'gary@enron.com	170	null	null
gary@cioclub.com	170	null	null
gary@bmicmortgage.com	170	null	null
gary@enron.com	170	null	null
george@monm.edu	171	null	null
george@enron.com	171	null	null
george@pilko.com	171	null	null
whyte@enron.com	172	null	null
employee.events@enron.com	173	null	null
events@gap1.m0.net	173	null	null
events@eyeforenergy.com	173	null	null
events@skippingstone.com	173	null	null
events@technologicp.com	173	null	null
events@equityinternational.tv	173	null	null
events@schwab.com	173	null	null
events@gap.com	173	null	null
events@eyefoenergy.com	173	null	null
events@forrester.com	173	null	null
sean.boyle@enron.com	174	null	null
boyle@enron.com	174	null	null
mcover@velaw.com	175	null	null
tnarcht@ix.net.com	176	null	null
tk.lohman@enron.com	177	null	null
tk@rice.edu	177	null	null
david.fildes@enron.com	178	null	null
'fildes@enron.com	178	null	null
fildes@enron.com	178	null	null
gfalle@mclarty.com	179	null	null
heaney.william@enron.com	180	null	null
jay.johnson@enron.com	181	null	null
carla.j.johnson@usa.conoco.com	181	null	null
johnson@dmi.columbia.edu	181	null	null
johnson@enron.com	181	null	null
"johnson@enron.com	181	null	null
johnson@petroleumargus.com	181	null	null
johnson.carla@enron.com	181	null	null
stevec3090@yahoo.com	182	null	null
danae.umbower@enron.com	183	null	null
enewsletter@handspring.4at1.com	184	null	null
ryy@mrwassoc.com	185	null	null
lee.johnson@ps.ge.com	186	null	null
lee@epis.com	186	null	null
lee@enron.com	186	null	null
lee.johnson@ss.ps.com	186	null	null
lee.johnson@ss.ge.com	186	null	null
lee.johnson@ss.ps.ge.com	186	null	null
lee.johnson@ps.ss.ge.com	186	null	null
l..johnson@enron.com	186	null	null
lee.johnson@ss.ps.ge	186	null	null
lee@perfectionwholesale.com	186	null	null
riccardo.bortolotti@enron.com	187	null	null
riccardo_bortolotti@enron.com	187	null	null
carolyn_winowitch@pgn.com	188	null	null
carolyn.winowitch@enron.com	188	null	null
carolyn@enron.com	188	null	null
team.cunningham@enron.com	189	null	null
cunningham@technologicp.com	189	null	null
team@gradfinder.com	189	null	null
cunningham@enron.com	189	null	null
troy.klussmann@enron.com	190	null	null
s_trevino25@hotmail.com	191	null	null
jackie.martin@enron.com	192	null	null
jackie@enron.com	192	null	null
j_martin@baylor.edu	192	null	null
wkmainski@aol.com	193	null	null
ravsav@earthlink.net	194	null	null
ravsav@msn.com	194	null	null
rahemtulla@la.apollolp.com	195	null	null
stockselector.com@worldatamail.com	196	null	null
expediafaretracker_030516@expedia.customer-email.com	197	null	null
david.fairley@enron.com	198	null	null
1.11176403.-1@multexinvestornetwork.com	199	null	null
lvillene@ccemtl.org	200	null	null
susan.landwehr@enron.com	201	null	null
jscheib@rc.com	202	null	null
dee.espinoza@travelpark.com	203	null	null
dee@enron.com	203	null	null
achyin@hotmail.com	204	null	null
jowens@eqt.com	205	null	null
wizard@10kwizard.com	206	null	null
jpietrella@hotmail.com	207	null	null
r-6-56294-4156775-2-7136-us2-7cf50b7f@xmr3.com	208	null	null
avillarreal73@yahoo.com	209	null	null
mmmarcantel@equiva.net	210	null	null
mmmarcantel@equiva.com	210	null	null
mmmarcantel@equva.com	210	null	null
nicholas.stephan@enron.com	211	null	null
rmills@calpx.com	212	null	null
rmills@nyiso.com	212	null	null
gsattler@geosociety.org	213	null	null
janice.steffes@senate.state.tx.us	214	null	null
mommafont@aol.com	215	null	null
record.n@enron.com	216	null	null
swilliams@reliantenergy.com	217	null	null
swilliams@iconconsultants.com	217	null	null
swilliams@reliant.com	217	null	null
karen_k_gruber@engelhard.com	218	null	null
'gruber@enron.com	218	null	null
karen@klindh.com	218	null	null
karen@mpenner.com	218	null	null
ldybug0529@yahoo.com	219	null	null
ceg_ir-rpt@joinmail.ccbn.com	220	null	null
gary.taylor@enron.com	221	null	null
djunek@ect.enron.com	222	null	null
djunek@aeglobalmarkets.com	222	null	null
toddez@ngaortho.com	223	null	null
james.terrell@enron.com	224	null	null
lctaylor@prebon.com	225	null	null
tracy.wood@enron.com	226	null	null
wood@enron.com	226	null	null
recipients@lockers-pl.com.au	227	null	null
recipients@mailman.enron.com	227	null	null
recipients@enron.com	227	null	null
jnugent@purchasepooling.com	228	null	null
denny@dsourceva.com	229	null	null
messenger-help@yahoo-inc.com	230	null	null
help@charlesbrownlawfirm.com	230	null	null
help@alldirect.com	230	null	null
help@trafficschooltogo.com	230	null	null
help@enrononline.com	230	null	null
help@ticketsupport.com	230	null	null
messenger@smartreminders.com	230	null	null
help@enronline.com	230	null	null
messenger@ecm.bloomberg.com	230	null	null
messenger@directtrak.com	230	null	null
messenger@online-messenger.net	230	null	null
cforbes@eei.org	231	null	null
dodfraser@aol.com	232	null	null
beverly.fabian@enron.com	233	null	null
fabian@investorplace.com	233	null	null
beverly@enron.com	233	null	null
eletter@digitalcity.digitalcity.com	234	null	null
alvao".'"tania@enron.com	235	null	null
grussell@utilicorp.com	236	null	null
technology_html@lists.smartmoney.com	237	null	null
debbieg@gddcpa.com	238	null	null
mike.croall@nepco.com	239	null	null
c..williams@enron.com	240	null	null
nyiso_dltf@lists.nyiso.com	241	null	null
nyiso@nyiso.com	241	null	null
karen.clapper@enron.com	242	null	null
karen_clapper@enron.com	242	null	null
amanda.becher@enron.com	243	null	null
amanda@spahouston.org	243	null	null
amanda@enron.com	243	null	null
amanda@financialdesigngroup.com	243	null	null
mtwest@iti2.net	244	null	null
gregoryklatt@earthlink.net	245	null	null
kelly@ecogas.com	246	null	null
kelly@straminc.com	246	null	null
'kelly@enron.com	246	null	null
kelly@enron.com	246	null	null
kelly@enschede.com	246	null	null
kelly@sendmail.com	246	null	null
kelly@haas.berkeley.edu	246	null	null
kelly@hnks.com	246	null	null
kelly@erienet.net	246	null	null
kelly@truequote.com	246	null	null
kelly@amscsearch.com	246	null	null
elaine.concklin@enron.com	247	null	null
elaine@citizenspower.com	247	null	null
concklin@flash.net	247	null	null
vanguard@thevanguard.org	248	null	null
'kovin@enron.com	249	null	null
e@melendez.org	250	null	null
diane.corbett@enron.com	251	null	null
diane_corbett@eott.com	251	null	null
diane@gcvideo.com	251	null	null
diane@rnp.org	251	null	null
diane@enron.com	251	null	null
hshivel@enron.com	252	null	null
hshivel@ect.enron.com	252	null	null
hshivel@notes.enron.com	252	null	null
rosemary.gracey@enron.com	253	null	null
chris.greaney@enron.com	254	null	null
info@gildertech.com	255	null	null
info@futuresindustry.org	255	null	null
info@texasgbc.org	255	null	null
info@cera.com	255	null	null
info@onlinetradingselect.com	255	null	null
info@votenet.com	255	null	null
info@equidex.com	255	null	null
info@rmmlf.org	255	null	null
info@icansp.com	255	null	null
info@gm.com	255	null	null
info@hotelcasci.com	255	null	null
info@designzine.com	255	null	null
info@lakeaustin.com	255	null	null
info@galerie-haus-schneider.de	255	null	null
info@spa-quest.com	255	null	null
info@stehekin.com	255	null	null
info@evans-automation.com	255	null	null
info@rockinhighliners.com	255	null	null
info@kitkat.org	255	null	null
info@partnersinwealth.com	255	null	null
info@stockbrokers.com	255	null	null
info@hoopitup.com	255	null	null
info@clubhyperia.com	255	null	null
info@cngc.com	255	null	null
info@newdem.org	255	null	null
info@netr-m.com	255	null	null
info@pmaconference.com	255	null	null
info@columbiabooks.com	255	null	null
info@kenduncan.com	255	null	null
info@electionintegrity2000.com	255	null	null
info@oconnors.ca	255	null	null
info@magazinehaven.com	255	null	null
info@carnival.com	255	null	null
info@avalonwine.com	255	null	null
info@1800contacts.com	255	null	null
info@martincapitalmgmt.com	255	null	null
info@pullcomm.com	255	null	null
info@enron.com	255	null	null
info@whistlergroup.com	255	null	null
info@energyclasses.com	255	null	null
info@gilder.com	255	null	null
info@netflix.com	255	null	null
info@investments.foliofn.com	255	null	null
info@judgemargaretmirabal.com	255	null	null
info@energyinformation.org	255	null	null
info@coolsavings.com	255	null	null
info@xdrive.0mm.com	255	null	null
info@calgarylofts.com	255	null	null
info@virtual-workshops.com	255	null	null
info@byobroadcast.00b.net	255	null	null
info@oregongourmet.com	255	null	null
info@cablenet.com	255	null	null
info@clayfarmer.com	255	null	null
info@specials.sears.com	255	null	null
info@planetsalvage.com	255	null	null
info@giftbaskets.com	255	null	null
info@amazon.com	255	null	null
info@david.se	255	null	null
info@circline.com	255	null	null
info@dynastymotorcar.com	255	null	null
info@www.stockbrokers.com	255	null	null
info@surveywriter.com	255	null	null
info@forexnews.com	255	null	null
info@hemplinglaw.com	255	null	null
info@adorama.com	255	null	null
info@nationalwelding.com	255	null	null
info@wecoaerospace.com	255	null	null
info@houstonhomesearch.com	255	null	null
info@musicmasala.com	255	null	null
info@betquick.com	255	null	null
info@onefn.net	255	null	null
info@energypromotion.net	255	null	null
info@winebid.com	255	null	null
info@mesuite.com	255	null	null
info@intellor.com	255	null	null
info@interactive.wsj.com	255	null	null
info@electricpowerexpo.com	255	null	null
info@fiafii.org	255	null	null
info@prospex.co.uk	255	null	null
info@aplf.org	255	null	null
info@amunet.edu	255	null	null
info@open2win.roi1.net	255	null	null
info@bestwestern-onthebeach.com	255	null	null
info@millionsofamericans.com	255	null	null
info@worldcupadvisor.com	255	null	null
info@houstonheights.org	255	null	null
info@motorsportsemail.com	255	null	null
info@tbls.org	255	null	null
info@energyintel.com	255	null	null
info@50cc-motorcycles.com	255	null	null
info@pdxpfe.com	255	null	null
info@geoswan.com	255	null	null
info@coloradodlc.org	255	null	null
info@lajollaeconomics.com	255	null	null
info@theurbangarage.com	255	null	null
info@attorneysed.com	255	null	null
info@global-change.com	255	null	null
info@panalytix.com	255	null	null
info@infoanddatacenter.com	255	null	null
info@ardorny.com	255	null	null
info@unitedwager.com	255	null	null
info@paperloop.com	255	null	null
info@standardatlantic.com	255	null	null
info@orlj.com	255	null	null
info@online.hrblock.com	255	null	null
info@campregister.com	255	null	null
info@mastio.com	255	null	null
info@conceptdesigninc.com	255	null	null
info@analytic-solutions.com	255	null	null
info@stockselector.com	255	null	null
info@highschoolalumni.com	255	null	null
info@utilisenergy.com	255	null	null
info@kingpublishing.com	255	null	null
info@adiproperties.com	255	null	null
info@colonize.com	255	null	null
kevin.hannon@enron.com	256	null	null
hannon@enron.com	256	null	null
stagecoachmama@hotmail.com	257	null	null
jcohen@whitecase.com	258	null	null
les@lacima.co.uk	259	null	null
les@yahoo-inc.com	259	null	null
les@lacimagroup.com	259	null	null
oasissuport@entergy.com	260	null	null
cynthia.barrow@enron.com	261	null	null
cynthia@travelpark.com	261	null	null
cynthia@morrownet.net	261	null	null
cynthia@enron.com	261	null	null
cjdick@pdq.net	262	null	null
csbmyo78@msn.com	263	null	null
sniffejr@yahoo.com	264	null	null
johnnie.nelson@enron.com	265	null	null
nelson@enron.com	265	null	null
nelson@ene-dom-a.ccml.jeff	265	null	null
jane.wilson@enron.com	266	null	null
wilson@ssjmlaw.com	266	null	null
jane.wilson@entergy.co.uk	266	null	null
wilson@enron.com	266	null	null
everyone_in_ect_montreal@enron.com	267	null	null
everyone@ercot.com	267	null	null
everyone@morganlane.com	267	null	null
everyone@mailman.enron.com	267	null	null
ctmorran@aep.com	268	null	null
david_m_benninger@reliantenergy.com	269	null	null
tommybomb88@hotmail.com	270	null	null
heather@realinkjets.com	271	null	null
heather@nerc.com	271	null	null
heather@donwat.com	271	null	null
.'heather@enron.com	271	null	null
heather@enron.com	271	null	null
heather@progas.com	271	null	null
cassandra.chinkin@enron.com	272	null	null
cassandra@customoffers.com	272	null	null
albert.hernandez@enron.com	273	null	null
a.hernandez@enron.com	273	null	null
john.norden@enron.com	274	null	null
424372.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	275	null	null
michael.taylor@enron.com	276	null	null
maxine.smith@enron.com	277	null	null
akin@enron.com	278	null	null
us.pwcglobal.com.judy.l.wood@ca.pwcglobal.com	279	null	null
j.wood@energydg.com	279	null	null
judy.l.wood@ca.pwcglobal.com	279	null	null
us@enron.com	279	null	null
gibson.sherrie@enron.com	280	null	null
sherrie@layfam.com	280	null	null
jpiccone@hsresources.com	281	null	null
charla.reese@enron.com	282	null	null
bsmith@sunlaw.com	283	null	null
mtaylor587@aol.com	284	null	null
maryrichards7@hotmail.com	285	null	null
lawrence.lawyer@enron.com	286	null	null
ak47@pipeline.com	287	null	null
webspecials@gromit.alaskaair.com	288	null	null
admin@johnscotti.com	289	null	null
admin@webmasterdirect.org	289	null	null
admin@golfq.com	289	null	null
admin@aol.yahoo.com	289	null	null
admin@houstontech.org	289	null	null
admin@neteller.com	289	null	null
admin@iwin.com	289	null	null
admin@firstdownsports.com	289	null	null
admin@newmn-d1.blue.aol.com	289	null	null
admin@eba-net.org	289	null	null
playfair@tri-met.org	290	null	null
ann.smith@enron.com	291	null	null
ann@consulair.com	291	null	null
a..smith@enron.com	291	null	null
ann@enron.com	291	null	null
.'ann@enron.com	291	null	null
dean.kassmann@aspentech.com	292	null	null
dean.kassmann@enron.com	292	null	null
mukesh.khattar@oracle.com	293	null	null
lsutaylor@hotmail.com	294	null	null
jess.hewitt@enron.com	295	null	null
'hewitt@enron.com	295	null	null
hewitt@enron.com	295	null	null
scott.kauffman@enron.com	296	null	null
davis.mary@enron.com	297	null	null
maricely.velezquez@enron.com	298	null	null
thor.lien@enron.com	299	null	null
tracey.irvin@enron.com	300	null	null
lech@enron.com	301	null	null
djbryant@insync.net	302	null	null
dax@uams.com	303	null	null
dax@enron.com	303	null	null
dax@cypressmail.com	303	null	null
dax@uamps.com	303	null	null
plwg@caiso.com	304	null	null
mary.m.potter@fritolay.com	305	null	null
sthomas@enron.com	306	null	null
sthomas@cheskin.com	306	null	null
sthomas@bassberry.com	306	null	null
lowen@reliantenergy.com	307	null	null
jane.coleman@enron.com	308	null	null
evans.swann@enron.com	309	null	null
evans@enron.com	309	null	null
swann@enron.com	309	null	null
'evans@enron.com	309	null	null
documents.117729.3001.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	310	null	null
documents@isda.org	310	null	null
byron.wright@elpaso.com	311	null	null
wright.byron@enron.com	311	null	null
wright.byron@epenergy.com	311	null	null
baran1@aol.com	312	null	null
teresa@walterbressert.com	313	null	null
teresa@cii.org	313	null	null
teresa@walterbresert.com	313	null	null
teresa@travelpark.com	313	null	null
amy@enron.com	314	null	null
amy@thehallagency.com	314	null	null
amy@kvo.com	314	null	null
amy@epis.com	314	null	null
amy@sdsc.edu	314	null	null
j.swiber@enron.com	315	null	null
mbryant@notes.enron.com	316	null	null
store-news@amazon.com	317	null	null
news@ibcuk.co.uk	317	null	null
news@provere.com	317	null	null
news@completecrafts.com	317	null	null
news@luxurylink.com	317	null	null
news@gossipflash.com	317	null	null
store@lucasarts.com	317	null	null
news@real-net.net	317	null	null
news@trip.com	317	null	null
news@milepoint.com	317	null	null
news@incs.lemroh.com	317	null	null
news@eloan.com	317	null	null
news@maillist.diabetes.org	317	null	null
news@genealogy.com	317	null	null
s-news@wubios.wustl.edu	317	null	null
news@mail.energycentral.com	317	null	null
news@eyeforenergy.com	317	null	null
news@mail.crutchfield.com	317	null	null
news@stoneage.ymc0.net	317	null	null
news@darwinawards.com	317	null	null
news@forestweb.com	317	null	null
news@framesd.com	317	null	null
news@prosrm.com	317	null	null
news@second.org	317	null	null
news@newsworld.co.uk	317	null	null
news@oxfordprinceton.com	317	null	null
news@mailings.advisorteam.com	317	null	null
news@travelersmailbox.com	317	null	null
news@rciinfo.com	317	null	null
news@neteller.com	317	null	null
reynaldo.garcia@enron.com	318	null	null
garcia@enron.com	318	null	null
g.garcia@enron.com	318	null	null
g.g..garcia@enron.com	318	null	null
h..wallis@enron.com	319	null	null
janet.butler@enron.com	320	null	null
janet@dtahou.com	320	null	null
janet@thwaits.com	320	null	null
butler@dpw.com	320	null	null
butler@enron.com	320	null	null
'butler@enron.com	320	null	null
pabercrombie@txu.com	321	null	null
chouse@yourinterest.roi1.net	322	null	null
chouse@escriptions.roi1.net	322	null	null
khoffman@caiso.com	323	null	null
wmitchell@sempra.com	324	null	null
columbiahouse_dvd@clickaction.net	325	null	null
columbiahouse@mediatrec.roi1.net	325	null	null
columbiahouse@opt15.edirectnetwork.net	325	null	null
columbiahouse@mtsopt05.edirectnetwork.net	325	null	null
dvd@mailman.enron.com	325	null	null
dvd@nminet.net	325	null	null
dvd@columbiahouse.com	325	null	null
kanatas@rice.edu	326	null	null
paul.bieniawski@enron.com	327	null	null
ain@iafe.org	328	null	null
ain@worldnet.att.net	328	null	null
mervyn.lowe@enron.com	329	null	null
lowe@enron.com	329	null	null
rita.wynne@enron.com	330	null	null
daltom@mglconsulting.com	331	null	null
krsecbqqg6q@hotmail.com	332	null	null
sarah.taylor@enron.com	333	null	null
_sarah@enron.com	333	null	null
flag.invite@enron.com	334	null	null
flag@info.iwon.com	334	null	null
autumn.cartier@enron.com	335	null	null
autumn_cartier@eott.com	335	null	null
rob.krotee@enron.com	336	null	null
rob@accureg.com	336	null	null
rob@enron.com	336	null	null
rob@danbrook.com	336	null	null
rob@buy.com	336	null	null
rob@alohablooms.com	336	null	null
rob@ramind.com	336	null	null
jana.domke@enron.com	337	null	null
mark.castiglione@enron.com	338	null	null
fred.mitro@enron.com	339	null	null
f_mitro"@enron.com	339	null	null
'fred'@enron.com	339	null	null
fred@enron.com	339	null	null
f_mitro@hotmail.com	339	null	null
gbrown@prosrm.com	340	null	null
gbrown@gcd.com	340	null	null
mailer-daemon@gwsmtp.priv.aglrsc.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@jpmorgan.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@imcingular.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@4tsmms1.skadden.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@bracepatt.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@mail.mcm.org	341	null	null
mailer@opinionjournal.com	341	null	null
mailer@lists.smarterliving.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@tfsgateway.andrews-kurth.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@yahoo.com	341	null	null
mailer@nyrrc.org	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@mail2.uswest.net	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@mtpower.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@mail.cajunusa.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@multi28.netcomi.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@aol.com	341	null	null
mailer@lycos.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@pgn.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@llgm.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@shutterfly.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@postmaster.enron.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@ect.enron.com	341	null	null
mailer@denverpost.publishmail.com	341	null	null
mailer@industrialinfo.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@concureworkplace.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@gw1.lcra.org	341	null	null
mailer@list.nyrrc.org	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@stoel.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@amerexenergy.com	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@bchydro.bc.ca	341	null	null
mailer-daemon@ms.com	341	null	null
moneytelegram@customoffers.com	342	null	null
kiodexstaff@kiodex.com	343	null	null
abraham.moreno@enron.com	344	null	null
'moreno@enron.com	344	null	null
abraham@gnubi.com	344	null	null
ali.ahmed@enron.com	345	null	null
ali@panix.com	345	null	null
'powell@enron.com	346	null	null
jvalenti@mpaa.org	347	null	null
k.johnson@enron.com	348	null	null
tom.acton@enron.com	349	null	null
geaus@list2.resdata.com	350	null	null
wiegert.wayne@enron.com	351	null	null
wayne@enron.com	351	null	null
wiegert@internetni.com	351	null	null
charlessmithson@mindspring.com	352	null	null
john.dushinske@enron.com	353	null	null
incent.j.kaminski@enron.com	354	null	null
j.kaminski@enron.com	354	null	null
j'.'kaminski@enron.com	354	null	null
j..kaminski@enron.com	354	null	null
viviana.palma@enron.com	355	null	null
dawn.doucet@home.com	356	null	null
doucet@enron.com	356	null	null
dawn@perfectmeeting.com	356	null	null
dawn.doucet@enron.com	356	null	null
mat1intx@aol.com	357	null	null
heltonm@cl.uh.edu	358	null	null
allison.mchenry@enron.com	359	null	null
'allison'@enron.com	359	null	null
allison@firstconf.com	359	null	null
allison@haas.berkeley.edu	359	null	null
allison@enron.com	359	null	null
dfh@europeonline.net	360	null	null
astewart@pira.com	361	null	null
andrea.woodland@enron.com	362	null	null
kathleen.clark@enron.com	363	null	null
'clark@enron.com	363	null	null
clark@rooney-eng.com	363	null	null
clark@enron.com	363	null	null
."kathleen@enron.com	363	null	null
service@mypilotstore.com	364	null	null
service@harryanddavid.com	364	null	null
service@zanybrainy.com	364	null	null
service@playerstime.com	364	null	null
service@capitalone.bfi0.com	364	null	null
service@eubusiness.com	364	null	null
service@herters.com	364	null	null
service@paypal.com	364	null	null
service@etradebank.0mm.com	364	null	null
service@jos-a-bank.com	364	null	null
service@etrade.com	364	null	null
service@bn.com	364	null	null
service@ebrookstone.com	364	null	null
service@dunns.com	364	null	null
service@mail.energycentral.com	364	null	null
service@click.jcrew.com	364	null	null
service@rhtubs.com	364	null	null
service@energycentral.com	364	null	null
service@forex-mg.com	364	null	null
service@barnesandnoble.com	364	null	null
service@bulk.energycentral.com	364	null	null
service@sbsubscriber.com	364	null	null
service@businesswire.com	364	null	null
service@photowow.com	364	null	null
service@qpass.com	364	null	null
edward.brown@enron.com	365	null	null
e..brown@enron.com	365	null	null
'brown@enron.com	365	null	null
brown@enron.com	365	null	null
shannaboudreaux@hotmail.com	366	null	null
heidi.griffith@enron.com	367	null	null
griffith@mailman.enron.com	367	null	null
griffith@enron.com	367	null	null
valeriedewille@hotmail.com	368	null	null
dg27@pacbell.net	369	null	null
1805@pmicim.com	370	null	null
juanacastanha@aol.com	371	null	null
araspe@elementre.com	372	null	null
avinash.jain@enron.com	373	null	null
jain@rice.edu	373	null	null
mgarred@newpower.com	374	null	null
mshaw@chiefs.nfl.com	375	null	null
gloruscitti@hotmail.com	376	null	null
jjmcconnell@cox-internet.com	377	null	null
rxwc@pge.com	378	null	null
dgweir@easy-pages.com	379	null	null
ca3sul48y4gd@hotmail.com	380	null	null
djunus2000@yahoo.com	381	null	null
david.aamodt@enron.com	382	null	null
david_aamodt@pgn.com	382	null	null
1.10043390.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	383	null	null
1.10043390.-13@multexinvestornetwork.com	383	null	null
1.10043390.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	383	null	null
bizness4u_shoemake@sprintmail.com	384	null	null
lhayman@skadden.com	385	null	null
walker.barbara@enron.com	386	null	null
barbara@enron.com	386	null	null
barbara"@mailman.enron.com@enron.com	386	null	null
barbara@canterburytravel.com	386	null	null
walker@enron.com	386	null	null
walker@missouri.edu	386	null	null
associate.representatives@enron.com	387	null	null
associate@enron.com	387	null	null
pmoore@wcamerica.com	388	null	null
d.j.petty@worldnet.att.net	389	null	null
jkeefer@aep.com	390	null	null
jshankm@ect.enron.com	391	null	null
jshankm@enron.com	391	null	null
bbrahinsky@fminet.com	392	null	null
uu002000@yahoo.com	393	null	null
tadams@paalp.com	394	null	null
orders@newport-news.com	395	null	null
orders@ashford.com	395	null	null
orders@jasc.com	395	null	null
orders@nber.org	395	null	null
orders@amazon.com	395	null	null
orders@gymboree.com	395	null	null
orders@shutterfly.com	395	null	null
orders@crateandbarrel.com	395	null	null
orders@acteva.com	395	null	null
orders@lucy.com	395	null	null
orders@psiware.com	395	null	null
orders@jpeterman.com	395	null	null
orders@imagestation.com	395	null	null
orders@llbean.com	395	null	null
orders@cabelas.com	395	null	null
orders@autokrafters.com	395	null	null
orders@nordstrom.com	395	null	null
steve.martin@az.eyi.com	396	null	null
steve@amerexenergy.com	396	null	null
steve@ecogas.com	396	null	null
steve@technologylaw.com	396	null	null
steve@apiweb.com	396	null	null
steve@enron.com	396	null	null
steve@stevesvet.com	396	null	null
steve@virtual-workshops.com	396	null	null
steve@brokebox.com	396	null	null
kristin.armstrong@enron.com	397	null	null
kristin@manager.sendoutmail.com	397	null	null
dana_gibbs@eott.com	398	null	null
dana.gibbs@eott.com	398	null	null
dana_gibbs@enron.com	398	null	null
dana.gibbs@enron.com	398	null	null
djhewson@telusplanet.net	399	null	null
jacobf@hapdx.org	400	null	null
roger.balog@enron.com	401	null	null
roger@enron.com	401	null	null
christine.blair@enron.com	402	null	null
'christine'@enron.com	402	null	null
christine@enron.com	402	null	null
gitomerb@wharton.upenn.edu	403	null	null
dan.wall@lw.com	404	null	null
sap.coe@enron.com	405	null	null
coe'.'sap@enron.com	405	null	null
pmurphy@swbanktx.com	406	null	null
pmurphy@mbllp.com	406	null	null
leena.mathews@enron.com	407	null	null
russballato@hotmail.com	408	null	null
hudsonr@teai.com	409	null	null
sabradunnam@hotmail.com	410	null	null
scott.dozier@enron.com	411	null	null
efuwmiu@eeoie.net	412	null	null
barend.vanderhorst@enron.com	413	null	null
demetrion.ware@enron.com	414	null	null
afouke@tnc.org	415	null	null
lori.poffenroth@enron.com	416	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_036948@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	417	null	null
rtackett@abacustech.net	418	null	null
amywohlsein@uty.com	419	null	null
eserver@enron.com	420	null	null
dpr.consolidated@enron.com	421	null	null
rdoades@concentric.net	422	null	null
jjosborne@apex2000.net	423	null	null
mustafa.hussain@enron.com	424	null	null
dan.bump@enron.com	425	null	null
'bump@enron.com	425	null	null
telephone.mods@enron.com	426	null	null
jjone@jonesenergy.com	427	null	null
keith.irani@cgc.enbridge.com	428	null	null
kerri.murray@telus.com	429	null	null
kerri@enron.com	429	null	null
murray@tibco.com	429	null	null
patty.deas@enron.com	430	null	null
patty@swbellcottonbowl.org	430	null	null
patty@enron.com	430	null	null
patty@sbccottonbowl.com	430	null	null
jandksheuer@kingwoodcable.com	431	null	null
c.@enron.com	432	null	null
al@enron.com	433	null	null
al@friedwire.com	433	null	null
f10bia@msn.com	434	null	null
wolak@zia.stanford.edu	435	null	null
rcdouglas@duke-energy.com	436	null	null
michelle.zingaro@usdoj.com	437	null	null
michelle.zingaro@usdoj.gov	437	null	null
zingaro.michelle@enron.com	437	null	null
dperry@nationalsteel.com	438	null	null
dperry@nationalsteel.comm	438	null	null
madeleinet@earthlink.net	439	null	null
enos@mailman.enron.com	440	null	null
edrington@uthscsa.edu	441	null	null
pramath_sinha@mckinsey.com	442	null	null
pramath_sinha@isbindia.org	442	null	null
samantha@g7.freshgirlsonline.com	443	null	null
samantha@mainecoast12.com	443	null	null
team.roswell@enron.com	444	null	null
spain.chad@enron.com	445	null	null
chad@enron.com	445	null	null
dimare'.'dominic@enron.com	446	null	null
dimare@tomatoweb.com	446	null	null
dominic.dimare@calchamber.com	446	null	null
'dimare@enron.com	446	null	null
gifts@info.iwon.com	447	null	null
gifts@opt38.edirectnetwork.net	447	null	null
erwollam@enron.com	448	null	null
erwollam@hotmail.com	448	null	null
dkeenan@citysearch.com	449	null	null
chang@enron.com	450	null	null
barbara.hueter@enron.com	451	null	null
scott.tanner@truequote.com	452	null	null
rajelpy@aol.com	453	null	null
abmclain@aol.com	454	null	null
thrace_44@yahoo.com	455	null	null
stoeckmann@corp.home.net	456	null	null
craig.gantner@nrgenergy.com	457	null	null
'heeg@enron.com	458	null	null
bock.richard@enron.com	459	null	null
ramsey@enron.com	460	null	null
mitton.ryan@enron.com	461	null	null
marketing@capacitycenter.com	462	null	null
marketing@nymex.com	462	null	null
marketing@desert-crossing.com	462	null	null
marketing@avant-news.com	462	null	null
marketing@triactive.com	462	null	null
marketing@welcome.ebay.com	462	null	null
marketing@firstdownsports.com	462	null	null
marketing@accent-graphics.net	462	null	null
marketing@wnt.com.pl	462	null	null
marketing@sparesfinder.com	462	null	null
marketing@sriconference.com	462	null	null
bhavna.pandya@enron.com	463	null	null
perlism@dsmo.com	464	null	null
brock@enron.com	465	null	null
strehli.scott@enron.com	466	null	null
eufard.cooper@att.net	467	null	null
jrharris@lilly.com	468	null	null
stein@enron.com	469	null	null
andrew.baker@enron.com	470	null	null
baker@enron.com	470	null	null
bveazey@obn.state.ok.us	471	null	null
ted.murphy@enron.com	472	null	null
'murphy@enron.com	472	null	null
murphy@investorplace.com	472	null	null
murphy@enron.com	472	null	null
ted@misunderstoodgenius.com	472	null	null
murphy@haas.berkeley.edu	472	null	null
ted@enron.com	472	null	null
reaganmathews@yahoo.com	473	null	null
ghuhta@cowlitzpud.org	474	null	null
jima@jatent.com	475	null	null
jima@pandaenergy.com	475	null	null
stadogb@email.msn.com	476	null	null
bill.fraser@enron.com	477	null	null
'fraser@enron.com	477	null	null
suresh.vasan@enron.com	478	null	null
etleaden@aol.com	479	null	null
gthorse@keyad.com	480	null	null
gthorse@about-cis.com	480	null	null
martin.holmes@enron.com	481	null	null
holmes@utilicorp.com	481	null	null
holmes@enron.com	481	null	null
amy.heffernan@enron.com	482	null	null
lottyplace@yahoo.com	483	null	null
parchitzel@cftc.gov	484	null	null
parchitzel@cftcv.gov	484	null	null
jennifer.denny@enron.com	485	null	null
jennifer@freshwater.com	485	null	null
jennifer@kennedycom.com	485	null	null
jennifer.'@enron.com	485	null	null
jennifer@enron.com	485	null	null
jennifer@vollmerpr.com	485	null	null
jennifer@usenix.org	485	null	null
donreid1@msn.com	486	null	null
donreid1@email.msn.com	486	null	null
ahiggins@reliantenergy.com	487	null	null
randy.rice@enron.com	488	null	null
randy@etoyotas.com	488	null	null
rice@enron.com	488	null	null
smckinley@ingaa.org	489	null	null
reasoner.barrett@enron.com	490	null	null
barrett@enron.com	490	null	null
barrett@management.wharton.upenn.edu	490	null	null
barrett@rice.edu	490	null	null
mbergonia@edfman.com	491	null	null
alejandra.chavez@enron.com	492	null	null
bhupesh.nagar@enron.com	493	null	null
llju256@yahoo.com	494	null	null
hotline-alert@nationaljournal.com	495	null	null
alert@venturewire.com	495	null	null
david.runnels@enron.com	496	null	null
'runnels@enron.com	496	null	null
gasmart@gasmart.com	497	null	null
sandy.zhao@enron.com	498	null	null
sandy@enron.com	498	null	null
.'sandy@enron.com	498	null	null
shea.tim@enron.com	499	null	null
tim@l2systems.com	499	null	null
tim@apbenergy.com	499	null	null
shea@dynegy.com	499	null	null
tim@techpacific.com	499	null	null
chrisjones@www.ridggway.com	500	null	null
kay.classen@enron.com	501	null	null
k.classen@pecorp.com	501	null	null
bryan.duguid@blakes.com	502	null	null
bryan@enron.com	502	null	null
duguid.bryan@enron.com	502	null	null
bryan@oklobbyist.com	502	null	null
cwodenshek@tradespark.com	503	null	null
carmella.jones@enron.com	504	null	null
bilal.bajwa@enron.com	505	null	null
bilal_bajwa@hotmail.com	505	null	null
amy_koy@aimfunds.com	506	null	null
m..tholt@enron.com	507	null	null
donna.ruff@enron.com	508	null	null
donna@enron.com	508	null	null
russanboy@mtu-net.ru	509	null	null
judy.pearson@enron.com	510	null	null
miguel.garcia@enron.com	511	null	null
dhunter@s-k-w.com	512	null	null
dhunter@smithandkempton.com	512	null	null
janet.paz@enron.com	513	null	null
dtorkleson@snwsc.com	514	null	null
krejci@enron.com	515	null	null
'krejci@enron.com	515	null	null
andreahelling@hotmail.com	516	null	null
ozaidi@lucent.com	517	null	null
ronda.foster@enron.com	518	null	null
foster@enron.com	518	null	null
eorlin@ups.edu	519	null	null
webinfo@iijournals.com	520	null	null
bagpipeman@compuserve.com	521	null	null
stacey.duplessis@enron.com	522	null	null
denm90@cc--exs02.prod.entergy.com	523	null	null
ssnyder@shelton.org	524	null	null
ssnyder@hesco.org	524	null	null
gordon.mellema@enron.com	525	null	null
gordon@enron.com	525	null	null
annieleung@kpmg.com	526	null	null
martha.janousek@enron.com	527	null	null
martha@scottpaul.com	527	null	null
martha@glazecreek.com	527	null	null
lawrence.pope@halliburton.com	528	null	null
aimspecialoffers@offers.aol.com	529	null	null
cerratoc@sullcrom.com	530	null	null
lorchard@commrisk.bm	531	null	null
glenn.fisher@cityofdenton.com	532	null	null
glenn@enron.com	532	null	null
glenn@home.com	532	null	null
glenn@pira.com	532	null	null
stacy.hardy@enron.com	533	null	null
hardy@enron.com	533	null	null
steven.hearn@enron.com	534	null	null
careington@mediatrec.roi1.net	535	null	null
e-mail@tradefairgroup.com	536	null	null
mail@wallstreet.com	536	null	null
mail@briggsathome.com	536	null	null
mail@onetravel.com	536	null	null
mail@playersonly.com	536	null	null
mail@joesdesk.com	536	null	null
mail@triactive.com	536	null	null
mail@buzz.shutterfly.com	536	null	null
mail@1travel.com	536	null	null
mail@mapquest.com	536	null	null
mail@tfts.tozzini.com.br	536	null	null
mail@sportsbook.com	536	null	null
mail@ecs.ultranet.com	536	null	null
mail@assurednyc.com	536	null	null
mail@eceurope.com	536	null	null
thdiaman@sordoni.com	537	null	null
european.vp's@enron.com	538	null	null
akins@cookassociates.com	539	null	null
creilly@columbiaenergygroup.com	540	null	null
h_jow@hotmail.com	541	null	null
tiffin.wilsford@enron.com	542	null	null
nan.whatley@enron.com	543	null	null
timothy.jones@enron.com	544	null	null
anderson@monm.edu	545	null	null
anderson@tyler.net	545	null	null
anderson@enron.com	545	null	null
a..anderson@enron.com	545	null	null
ed.iii@enron.com	546	null	null
ed@buckham.com	546	null	null
ed@enerfax.com	546	null	null
ed@apbenergy.com	546	null	null
ed@cazalet.com	546	null	null
ed@clfp.com	546	null	null
ed@apx.com	546	null	null
ed@nationalfinancepeople.com	546	null	null
'.'ed@enron.com	546	null	null
amy_yueh@agfg.com	547	null	null
amy_yueh@valic.com	547	null	null
yueh'.'amy@enron.com	547	null	null
cwallen@hilcorp.com	548	null	null
michael.bradley@enron.com	549	null	null
neubauer@enron.com	550	null	null
b..cass@enron.com	551	null	null
tscott@radstrat.com	552	null	null
tscott@chadbourne.com	552	null	null
w.hicks@enron.com	553	null	null
scott.sitter@enron.com	554	null	null
joann.woods@enron.com	555	null	null
.".'"woods@enron.com	555	null	null
fritz.margaret@enron.com	556	null	null
margaret@motelmag.com	556	null	null
cookson.becky@enron.com	557	null	null
becky@accelernet.net	557	null	null
becky@enron.com	557	null	null
becky@cqg.com	557	null	null
gunnar.frey@enron.com	558	null	null
frey@haas.berkeley.edu	558	null	null
gunnar_frey@enron.net	558	null	null
omar.zaidi@enron.com	559	null	null
bwall@copcp.com	560	null	null
jholker@adaytum.com	561	null	null
hortonscha@aol.com	562	null	null
thechalford@aol.com	563	null	null
jwatt67@earthlink.net	564	null	null
richard.fine@compaq.com	565	null	null
dlevielle@nyiso.com	566	null	null
qizhi@ruf.rice.edu	567	null	null
qizhi@rice.edu	567	null	null
joc_online@news.joc.com	568	null	null
online@shrm.org	568	null	null
sdoyle@sithe.com	569	null	null
marci.kelly@enron.com	570	null	null
gregg.murray@oursite.cc	571	null	null
gregg@papamurphys.com	571	null	null
gregg@enviroconsystems.com	571	null	null
eric.moon@enron.com	572	null	null
'moon@enron.com	572	null	null
cwoods@mayerbrown.com	573	null	null
cwoods@ashland.com	573	null	null
ellen.alexander@enron.com	574	null	null
ellen@enron.com	574	null	null
ellen@tca-us.com	574	null	null
julia.prybys@scgo.com	575	null	null
julia@sorensen-jolink-trubo.com	575	null	null
julia@vental.com	575	null	null
legal@enron.com	576	null	null
walton@enron.com	577	null	null
donna.sheidun@enron.com	578	null	null
david.burns@bakerbotts.com	579	null	null
burns@enron.com	579	null	null
chris.benham@enron.com	580	null	null
pmohler@hewm.com	581	null	null
sladana-anna.kulic@enron.com	582	null	null
anna@enron.com	582	null	null
karen_ector@transcanada.com	583	null	null
rtucker@pcenergy.com	584	null	null
xzhang@haas.berkeley.edu	585	null	null
rparry@bcm.tmc.edu	586	null	null
steven.bunkin@gs.com	587	null	null
bunkin@enron.com	587	null	null
parker@enron.com	588	null	null
slpark@kpmg.com	589	null	null
automailer@alumniconnections.com	590	null	null
dbaughm@enron.com	591	null	null
dbaughm@notes.enron.com	591	null	null
dbaughm@ect.enron.com	591	null	null
dbaughm@yahoo.com	591	null	null
kurt.eggebrecht@enron.com	592	null	null
unwire-admin@client-mail.com	593	null	null
scott.dieball@enron.com	594	null	null
tommy.yanowski@enron.com	595	null	null
tommy@mossonline.com	595	null	null
pat.radford@enron.com	596	null	null
pat@paloalto.com	596	null	null
pat@sfa-law.com	596	null	null
pat@enron.com	596	null	null
kate.panchuk@enron.com	597	null	null
shawn.amaya@enron.com	598	null	null
shawn@enron.com	598	null	null
shawn@shawnspage.net	598	null	null
shawn@apbenergy.com	598	null	null
.'shawn@enron.com	598	null	null
paulwes@swbell.net	599	null	null
joe_biddle@abrealty.com	600	null	null
denvergal2001@talkmatch.com	601	null	null
chris.lambert@enron.com	602	null	null
rebecca.grace@enron.com	603	null	null
paul.d.rodrigue@us.arthurandersen.com	604	null	null
paul_rodrigue@bigfoot.com	604	null	null
paul.rodrigue@trin.net	604	null	null
hang.chang@enron.com	605	null	null
downtown.employees@enron.com	606	null	null
ime_mailer.4-1317530-1531186-1nqhlywu@message.americancentury.com	607	null	null
tim.murphy@elpaso.com	608	null	null
tmcnamara@as-coa.org	609	null	null
susan.hadix@elpaso.com	610	null	null
hadix@pdq.net	610	null	null
susan.hadix@enron.com	610	null	null
hadix@enron.com	610	null	null
'hadix@enron.com	610	null	null
hadix.susan@epenergy.com	610	null	null
craig.cooper@cinergy.com	611	null	null
cjross@vnsm.com	612	null	null
subs@optioninvestor.com	613	null	null
subs@btu.net	613	null	null
brenda_b_harris@reliantenergy.com	614	null	null
scott.cook@excellus.com	615	null	null
rring@ees.enron.com	616	null	null
rring@enron.com	616	null	null
rdemyanovich@cynetinc.com	617	null	null
clay_albers@hotmail.com	618	null	null
clay@dfj.com	618	null	null
clay@ectisp.net	618	null	null
clay@enron.com	618	null	null
tom_pastore@indianmountain.org	619	null	null
tanaka.teruo@enron.com	620	null	null
teruo.tanaka@ibjbank.co.jp	620	null	null
teruo.tanaka@enron.com	620	null	null
larryc@fidalgo.net	621	null	null
jtunderh@srpnet.com	622	null	null
shawna.callaghan@enron.com	623	null	null
m_besch@yahoo.com	624	null	null
andrea_bertone@ei.enron.com	625	null	null
andrea.bertone@enron.com	625	null	null
jwilliam69@hotmail.com	626	null	null
sle@tca-us.com	627	null	null
bstephen@academicplanet.com	628	null	null
6.1142.41-rg35sj5mmgdjldrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	629	null	null
dewarj1@bp.com	630	null	null
trxsg@mail.pt	631	null	null
w..thompson@enron.com	632	null	null
thompson@wrightlaw.com	632	null	null
thompson@enron.com	632	null	null
thompson@resourceinfo.com	632	null	null
'thompson@enron.com	632	null	null
"thompson@enron.com	632	null	null
chris_germany61@hotmail.com	633	null	null
chris_germany61@aol.com	633	null	null
brenton.baxter@enron.com	634	null	null
lyman.wilkes@enron.com	635	null	null
kjsnook@aol.com	636	null	null
bhendry@houston.rr.com	637	null	null
bhendry@ei.enron.com	637	null	null
suzanne.farrow@enron.com	638	null	null
justin.boose@enron.com	639	null	null
'boose@enron.com	639	null	null
smccubbi@ees.enron.com	640	null	null
smccubbi@enron.com	640	null	null
expediatraveldeals_029856@expedia.customer-email.com	641	null	null
tinkhamc@monm.edu	642	null	null
nextcard_news@community.nextcard.com	643	null	null
jason.chumley@enron.com	644	null	null
r..lawrence@enron.com	645	null	null
r.".'"lawrence@enron.com	645	null	null
knedelkoff@indy.net	646	null	null
felipe.hernandez@enron.com	647	null	null
felipe.hernandez@reuters.com	647	null	null
mschneider@duke-energy.com	648	null	null
dbaker@group1auto.com	649	null	null
dbaker@suumjdko.enron.com	649	null	null
joe.holecek@compaq.com	650	null	null
mwstd@bluemail.dk	651	null	null
susan.covino@enron.com	652	null	null
deus9xbrl@hotmail.com	653	null	null
kotoole@westernhubs.com	654	null	null
tracytkim@aol.com	655	null	null
iceoperations@intcx.com	656	null	null
kristy.armstrong@enron.com	657	null	null
owner-huntingtonbeach@energy.ca.gov	658	null	null
huntingtonbeach@energy.ca.gov	658	null	null
jadams89@aol.com	659	null	null
katherine.kelly@enron.com	660	null	null
mcbrydej@inchon.navy.mil	661	null	null
jspell@weingarten.com	662	null	null
jspell@pse.com	662	null	null
skelly@dinkinslaw.com	663	null	null
ywang@enron.com	664	null	null
dberg13046@aol.com	665	null	null
dgibbons@cera.com	666	null	null
nergynews@peach.ease.lsoft.com	667	null	null
pamela.chism@enron.com	668	null	null
pamela@insightinfo.com	668	null	null
bkalmick@anpower.com	669	null	null
mwhitt@ect.enron.com	670	null	null
mwhitt@enron.com	670	null	null
arnold.stifel@enron.com	671	null	null
joe.chandrapala@enron.com	672	null	null
oliveriop@rcbhsc.wvu.edu	673	null	null
scoyy.salyer@genuity.com	674	null	null
adamg@cook-inlet.com	675	null	null
steven.burnham@enron.com	676	null	null
william.nordhaus@yale.edu	677	null	null
jfa@daplaw.com	678	null	null
yee@cpuc.ca.gov	679	null	null
yee@haas.berkeley.edu	679	null	null
world-debit@earthlink.net	680	null	null
linda@excelonline.com	681	null	null
linda@cyrilandcrowley.com	681	null	null
linda@fea.com	681	null	null
linda@juniperenergy.com	681	null	null
linda@latreo.net	681	null	null
linda@onboard.com	681	null	null
linda@lindakessler.com	681	null	null
melinda.pharms@enron.com	682	null	null
walsh'.'breda@enron.com	683	null	null
walsh.breda@enron.com	683	null	null
walsh@enron.com	683	null	null
jbookman@ozmosys.com	684	null	null
ksiles@hotmail.com	685	null	null
pichitphon.eammongkolchai@linklaters.com	686	null	null
rjbaker@ttu.edu	687	null	null
robert.vuittonet@enron.com	688	null	null
mark.guinney@watsonwyatt.com	689	null	null
mark_guinney@watsonwyatt.com	689	null	null
guinney@haas.berkeley.edu	689	null	null
tracy.richards-brown@co.multnomah.or.us	690	null	null
peggy.sims@enron.com	691	null	null
sims@enron.com	691	null	null
peggy@airmail.net	691	null	null
maurden@rconnect.com	692	null	null
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com	693	null	null
noel_hansen@lecg.com	694	null	null
veggiemama247@hotmail.com	695	null	null
terrance.ganser@funb.com	696	null	null
terrance.ganser@enron.com	696	null	null
ace.may@faypwc.com	697	null	null
trials@stockbottom.com	698	null	null
lisabeckertx@hotmail.com	699	null	null
tpshaheen@email.msmail.com	700	null	null
tpshaheen@msn.com	700	null	null
tpshaheen@email.msn.com	700	null	null
tj.pimpinelli@mglondon.com	701	null	null
tj@haas.berkeley.edu	701	null	null
kevin.golden@enron.com	702	null	null
replistovega87@mail.com	703	null	null
2.3374.1d-i5ncsd6_rgbu.1@cda01.cdnow.com	704	null	null
jim.armsworth@enron.com	705	null	null
managingdirector-admin@lists.economist.com	706	null	null
managingdirector@weforum.org	706	null	null
productdev@mail2.appdev.com	707	null	null
sharon@secondsitestudio.com	708	null	null
sharon@travelpark.com	708	null	null
sharon@iwearart.com	708	null	null
sharon@enron.com	708	null	null
team.lyons@enron.com	709	null	null
'lyons@enron.com	709	null	null
rufino.doroteo@enron.com	710	null	null
cathrine.bakken@enron.com	711	null	null
tschneberger@scm-safety.com	712	null	null
owner-e204-1@haas.berkeley.edu	713	null	null
e204-1@haas.berkeley.edu	713	null	null
dburns@bakerbotts.ocm	714	null	null
steven.january@enron.com	715	null	null
ilene.erskine@enron.com	716	null	null
teobaldo.camejo@enron.com	717	null	null
teobaldo'.'camejo@enron.com	717	null	null
kquandt@onebox.com	718	null	null
guenther@enron.com	719	null	null
shelley.farias@enron.com	720	null	null
farias@eentertainment.com	720	null	null
conferences@mail.energycentral.com	721	null	null
conferences@atmarkets.org	721	null	null
conferences@hedgefund.net	721	null	null
boudreaux.bob@enron.com	722	null	null
bob@alohablooms.com	722	null	null
bob@msmainstreet.com	722	null	null
bob@how2doit.net	722	null	null
bob@enron.com	722	null	null
gregory.sharp@enron.com	723	null	null
sharp@smogobx.com	723	null	null
gregory@enron.com	723	null	null
marian.briscoe@enron.com	724	null	null
marian@dah.state.ar.us	724	null	null
svmg.energy.committee@svmg.org	725	null	null
energy@wirefire.com	725	null	null
energy@1stgmc.net	725	null	null
whalen.kevin@enron.com	726	null	null
whalen@enron.com	726	null	null
ekelly@exchange.ml.com	727	null	null
ralph@enron.com	728	null	null
ralph@censtrat.com	728	null	null
management@the-spires.com	729	null	null
art_desell@nyiso.com	730	null	null
art@mycfo.com	730	null	null
.'art@enron.com	730	null	null
art@enron.com	730	null	null
art@heimbachresearch.com	730	null	null
art@artschroeder.com	730	null	null
lblair@notes.enron.com	731	null	null
lblair@enron.com	731	null	null
edward_m_bullinger@fpl.com	732	null	null
patrick.lewis@enron.com	733	null	null
patrick@enron.com	733	null	null
patrick.lewis@oatiinc.com	733	null	null
'patrick@enron.com	733	null	null
rayfael.roman1@jsc.nasa.gov	734	null	null
jocelyn.gordon@enron.com	735	null	null
rcrq20011115@ombramarketing.com	736	null	null
alienenvoy@aol.com	737	null	null
'gutman@enron.com	738	null	null
gutman@enron.com	738	null	null
6.747.54-l0bvl1kgbhr-rrhbwkuxrjzhhr4ndia9vsrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	739	null	null
gary_edwards@vapower.com	740	null	null
gary_edwards@dom.com	740	null	null
ricedesign@prodigy.net	741	null	null
peterlo@printrak.com	742	null	null
james.guidry@enron.com	743	null	null
donna.baker@enron.com	744	null	null
k.badri@enron.com	745	null	null
candasteen@aol.com	746	null	null
gay.wisbey@fsa.gov.uk	747	null	null
atb2277@yahoo.com	748	null	null
jennifer_harris_r@lilly.com	749	null	null
j.harris@enron.com	749	null	null
harris_jennifer_r@lilly.com	749	null	null
mariella.mahan@enron.com	750	null	null
jill.erwin@enron.com	751	null	null
jill@enron.com	751	null	null
jill@ereo.com	751	null	null
j.jill@service.jjill.com	751	null	null
frank.miller@swpc.siemens.com	752	null	null
'miller@enron.com	752	null	null
miller@enron.com	752	null	null
miller@advlaser.com	752	null	null
cburnett@kroger.com	753	null	null
simpson@enron.com	754	null	null
sandra.jones@enron.com	755	null	null
lisa.perez@enron.com	756	null	null
perez@enron.com	756	null	null
5e8nx4it@msn.com	757	null	null
clickathomepilot3.mailing@enron.com	758	null	null
mailing@meridien-research.com	758	null	null
clickathomepilot3@enron.com	758	null	null
thomson.vanessa@enron.com	759	null	null
cjphillips@oneok.com	760	null	null
ardmore.maintenance@enron.com	761	null	null
mswyatt@att.net	762	null	null
ees.notification@enron.com	763	null	null
notification@intralinks.com	763	null	null
notification@landsend.com	763	null	null
keith.karako@citi.com	764	null	null
ghie73@hotpop.com	765	null	null
garora@marakon.com	766	null	null
frost'.'pete@enron.com	767	null	null
frost@haas.berkeley.edu	767	null	null
pete.frost@usa.conoco.com	767	null	null
pete@staffassoc.com	767	null	null
pete@enerteccon.com	767	null	null
.'pete@enron.com	767	null	null
pete@enron.com	767	null	null
chris.behney@enron.com	768	null	null
makiko.imai@enron.com	769	null	null
makiko@ieor.berkeley.edu	769	null	null
kkeis@mindspring.com	770	null	null
postmaster@st-systems.com	771	null	null
postmaster@mcimail.com	771	null	null
postmaster@intl.pepsi.com	771	null	null
postmaster@kpmg.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ucarb.com	771	null	null
postmaster@glmail2.networkpromotion.com	771	null	null
postmaster@cps-satx.com	771	null	null
postmaster@blackstone.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pge.com	771	null	null
postmaster@intcx.com	771	null	null
postmaster@unitedfuels.com	771	null	null
postmaster@lawseminars.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pacificorp.com	771	null	null
postmaster@elpaso.com	771	null	null
postmaster@american-omni.com	771	null	null
postmaster@your.smtp.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ftenergy.com	771	null	null
postmaster@williams.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pssch.ps.ge.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pcg.xchg.pwj.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pwcglobal.com	771	null	null
postmaster@lehman.com	771	null	null
postmaster@usoncology.com	771	null	null
postmaster@enron.com	771	null	null
postmaster@uschamber.com	771	null	null
postmaster@insdbod01.inz.gs.com	771	null	null
postmaster@spe.org	771	null	null
postmaster@lexgen.com	771	null	null
postmaster@kindermorgan.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ns.teraware.ne.jp	771	null	null
postmaster@blakes.com	771	null	null
postmaster@espeed.com	771	null	null
postmaster@melnick.mvir.bcm.tmc.edu	771	null	null
postmaster@msxssc.shell.com	771	null	null
postmaster@southernco.com	771	null	null
postmaster@insource.com	771	null	null
postmaster@oneok.com	771	null	null
postmaster@deloitte.com	771	null	null
postmaster@sbot.org	771	null	null
postmaster@grtn.it	771	null	null
postmaster@pvm.co.uk	771	null	null
postmaster@pseg.com	771	null	null
postmaster@sims1.rcsntx.swbell.net	771	null	null
postmaster@tfsbrokers.com	771	null	null
postmaster@disso.com	771	null	null
postmaster@z2c.net	771	null	null
postmaster@folifw1.wepex.com	771	null	null
postmaster@choiceenergy.com	771	null	null
postmaster@calpine.com	771	null	null
postmaster@oceanicrealty.com	771	null	null
postmaster@dlbdirect.com	771	null	null
postmaster@soem.statoilenergy.com	771	null	null
postmaster@nypa.gov	771	null	null
postmaster@mailsrv2.arpartners.com	771	null	null
postmaster@rbcds.com	771	null	null
postmaster@imcnam.sbi.com	771	null	null
postmaster@pnm.com	771	null	null
postmaster@hess.com	771	null	null
postmaster@kraft.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ns002.tu.com	771	null	null
postmaster@lgeenergy.com	771	null	null
postmaster@bmonesbittburns.com	771	null	null
postmaster@mfah.org	771	null	null
postmaster@mailboy.enron.com	771	null	null
postmaster@corp.enron.com	771	null	null
postmaster@prebon.com	771	null	null
postmaster@drkw.com	771	null	null
postmaster@isda.org	771	null	null
postmaster@kleberg.com	771	null	null
postmaster@aspentech.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ucm.com	771	null	null
postmaster@ajilon.com	771	null	null
postmaster@tmh.tmc.edu	771	null	null
postmaster@fullenweider.com	771	null	null
postmaster@chrm.com	771	null	null
postmaster@gfigroup.com	771	null	null
postmaster@excambria.com	771	null	null
postmaster@nymex.com	771	null	null
postmaster@jmbm.com	771	null	null
postmaster@utilicorp.com	771	null	null
postmaster@psla02.sra.pwj.com	771	null	null
postmaster@notes.mckinsey.com	771	null	null
postmaster@dlalaw.com	771	null	null
postmaster@dowjones.com	771	null	null
postmaster@bc-corpmail01.bruncorp.com	771	null	null
postmaster@tdsecurities.com	771	null	null
postmaster@instinet.com	771	null	null
postmaster@marval.com.ar	771	null	null
postmaster@kochind.com	771	null	null
postmaster@epelectric.com	771	null	null
postmaster@cantor.co.uk	771	null	null
postmaster@preti.com	771	null	null
postmaster@insdb8501.inz.gs.com	771	null	null
postmaster@oceanenergy.com	771	null	null
postmaster@xlreamerica.xlcapital	771	null	null
postmaster@robertwalters.com	771	null	null
postmaster@tractebelna.com	771	null	null
cathy.morse@foleys.com	772	null	null
cathy_morse@foleys.com	772	null	null
'morse@enron.com	772	null	null
cathy@enron.com	772	null	null
morse.cathy@enron.com	772	null	null
cathy@beacon-gas.com	772	null	null
cathy@intelligencepress.com	772	null	null
cathy@pira.com	772	null	null
jb@nfcrc.uci.edu	773	null	null
e..garcia@enron.com	774	null	null
wolfmark@cibc.com	775	null	null
wolfmark@us.cibc.com	775	null	null
wade.jordan@enron.com	776	null	null
jordan@cmua.org	776	null	null
jordan@enron.com	776	null	null
kevin.nordt@enron.com	777	null	null
kevin_nordt@pgn.com	777	null	null
yingchen@enron.com	778	null	null
attorney@law-offices.com	779	null	null
aoconnor@compuserve.com	780	null	null
carlos.alatorre@enron.com	781	null	null
carlos@houstonbeat.com	781	null	null
alatorre@enron.com	781	null	null
carlos@enron.com	781	null	null
us.employees@enron.com	782	null	null
khyatt@ect.enron.com	783	null	null
khyatt@enron.com	783	null	null
jcalkins@brobeck.com	784	null	null
brenner@enron.com	785	null	null
paul.riddle@funb.com	786	null	null
patlawlmg@att.net	787	null	null
paul.kitchen@txu-europe.com	788	null	null
ahand@tambank.com	789	null	null
njohns2@alleghenypower.com	790	null	null
jlgeesman@dainrauscher.com	791	null	null
jross@pira.com	792	null	null
jross@susmangodfrey.com	792	null	null
jross@susman.godfrey.com	792	null	null
gsmith@pstrategies.com	793	null	null
gsmith@kingsland.org	793	null	null
patricia.cini@enron.com	794	null	null
gary.wright@enron.com	795	null	null
342018.18905264.3@lists.economist.com	796	null	null
a.devries@worldnet.att.net	797	null	null
devries@enron.com	797	null	null
thode@enron.com	798	null	null
atafallo@csc.com	799	null	null
catherine.pernot@enron.com	800	null	null
catherine@enron.com	800	null	null
'heckaman@enron.com	801	null	null
jsokolsky@emphasysworld.com	802	null	null
ted.noble@enron.com	803	null	null
john.fiscus@enron.com	804	null	null
steve.dahnke@enron.com	805	null	null
shelby.malkemes@enron.com	806	null	null
skramer@milbank.co	807	null	null
skramer@milbank.com	807	null	null
jimk@pdq.net	808	null	null
jmckay@eventamerica.com	809	null	null
bhorn@cms.cendant.com	810	null	null
bhorn@trilegiant.com	810	null	null
deborah.kallus@enron.com	811	null	null
deborah@epis.com	811	null	null
s..olinger@enron.com	812	null	null
bcash@srfunds.com	813	null	null
bcash@interwest.com	813	null	null
globe_life@customoffers.com	814	null	null
peggy.phillips@enron.com	815	null	null
phillips@enron.com	815	null	null
lynn.dekrey@swpc.com	816	null	null
lynn.dekrey@siemens.com	816	null	null
dekrey@swpc.siemens.com	816	null	null
lynn.dekrey@swpc.siemens.com	816	null	null
jwood@regionsbank.com	817	null	null
jwood@goes.com	817	null	null
adam.pollock@enron.com	818	null	null
adam@texas.net	818	null	null
adam@enron.com	818	null	null
corp.list@enron.com	819	null	null
list@footballsoftware.com	819	null	null
list@list.brain.com	819	null	null
list@fibtrader.com	819	null	null
list@worldwidetraders.com	819	null	null
larry.davis@enron.com	820	null	null
l'.'davis@enron.com	820	null	null
l..davis@enron.com	820	null	null
jls@fac.com	821	null	null
jls@fullenweider.com	821	null	null
hkjii@erols.com	822	null	null
charlene.jackson@enron.com	823	null	null
jackson@entercomp.com	823	null	null
jackson@caem.org	823	null	null
jackson@bennettjones.ca	823	null	null
jackson@enron.com	823	null	null
jo.williams@enron.com	824	null	null
jo.williams@dynegy.com	824	null	null
iwoncashpoints@feedback.iwon.com	825	null	null
maresch@eott.com	826	null	null
kkeisler@yahoo.com	827	null	null
barbara.paige@enron.com	828	null	null
paige@enron.com	828	null	null
thomas.araujo@enron.com	829	null	null
hatcher@enron.com	830	null	null
pleanza@enron.com	831	null	null
jennifer.bratton@enron.com	832	null	null
newpower.communication@newpower.com	833	null	null
newpower@newpower.dartmail3.net	833	null	null
dale.ratliff@enron.com	834	null	null
dale@thompsonhanson.com	834	null	null
dale@newfield.org	834	null	null
dale@enron.com	834	null	null
dale@whitelight.com	834	null	null
rodin@tozzini.com.br	835	null	null
peakpower@cadvision.com	836	null	null
news-from-iir@iirny.rsc02.com	837	null	null
news-from-iir@iirny.rs88.net	837	null	null
powermart1@list1.resdata.com	838	null	null
powermart1@list2.resdata.com	838	null	null
powermart1@listserv.platts.com	838	null	null
david.sztroin@enron.com	839	null	null
matthew.adams@enron.com	840	null	null
adams@enron.com	840	null	null
m..adams@enron.com	840	null	null
'adams@enron.com	840	null	null
--migrated--bmishkin@ercot.com	841	null	null
mailing1.dl-ga-all_special@enron.com	842	null	null
all@rmdfw.com	842	null	null
mailing1@mail.morningstar.net	842	null	null
ga@enron.com	842	null	null
all.special@enron.com	842	null	null
special@flowgo.com	842	null	null
vilanina@racsa.co.cr	843	null	null
john.fowler@sun.com	844	null	null
j.fowler@enron.com	844	null	null
fowler@enron.com	844	null	null
connelly@enron.com	845	null	null
'connelly@enron.com	845	null	null
bill.rust@enron.com	846	null	null
g7pwc3@stennis.navy.mil	847	null	null
lluthans@petro-hunt.com	848	null	null
amy.felling@enron.com	849	null	null
yana.kristal@enron.com	850	null	null
cvanscyoc@tmvgas.com	851	null	null
sweepsclub@sweepsclub.com	852	null	null
sweepsclub@optin-offers.net	852	null	null
hmaisonette@milbank.com	853	null	null
shuttee@enron.com	854	null	null
rsant@aesc.com	855	null	null
anshuman.srivastav@enron.com	856	null	null
ron@caltax.org	857	null	null
ron@statonco.com	857	null	null
arthur.goldsmith@att.net	858	null	null
arthur.goldsmith@enron.com	858	null	null
"goldsmith@enron.com	858	null	null
arthur@enron.com	858	null	null
expedia.com_029620@expedia.customer-email.com	859	null	null
cfergus@brobeck.com	860	null	null
amy.oberg@enron.com	861	null	null
oberg@enron.com	861	null	null
announcement.enron@enron.com	862	null	null
enron.announcement@enron.com	862	null	null
announcement@popularlink.com	862	null	null
enron@dom.com	862	null	null
enron@eott.com	862	null	null
enron@lists.qgadc.com	862	null	null
enron@easymatch.com	862	null	null
enron@loans24.com	862	null	null
enron@houston.rr.com	862	null	null
enron@quinngillespie.com	862	null	null
enron@enron.com	862	null	null
enron@avenueb2e.com	862	null	null
enron@cingular.com	862	null	null
enron@ec.gc.ca	862	null	null
jeff_hines@hines.com	863	null	null
jeff_hines@enron.com	863	null	null
clarkej510@earthlink.net	864	null	null
resources.human@enron.com	865	null	null
resources@enron.com	865	null	null
gloria.communications@enron.com	866	null	null
gloria.c@warrantygold.com	866	null	null
communications@datek.m0.net	866	null	null
communications@calpx.com	866	null	null
communications@brook.edu	866	null	null
communications@cfr.org	866	null	null
communications@enron.com	866	null	null
kgstith@littler.com	867	null	null
mikec@ippso.org	868	null	null
mikec@hammondshomes.com	868	null	null
joyce_donnelly@transcanada.com	869	null	null
'.'donnelly@enron.com	869	null	null
donnelly@ahclaw.com	869	null	null
joyce@enron.com	869	null	null
donnelly'.'joyce@enron.com	869	null	null
donnelly@enron.com	869	null	null
'donnelly@enron.com	869	null	null
donnelly@bakeratlas.com	869	null	null
donnelly@usgs.gov	869	null	null
donnelly@ahclaw.co	869	null	null
howard.fromer@enron.com	870	null	null
howard@enron.com	870	null	null
howard@cohensw.com	870	null	null
howard@wrightlaw.com	870	null	null
gravettw@sullcrom.com	871	null	null
donald.lassere@enron.com	872	null	null
donald_lassere@enron.net	872	null	null
donald@rice.edu	872	null	null
david.parham@enron.com	873	null	null
mauied85@aol.com	874	null	null
schratz@ifgb.uni-hannover.de	875	null	null
rcaruso@ormet.com	876	null	null
keith.couch@enron.com	877	null	null
scotty.gilbert@enron.com	878	null	null
'scotty'@enron.com	878	null	null
gilbert@amerexenergy.com	878	null	null
gilbert@juno.com	878	null	null
yvette.butler@enron.com	879	null	null
yvette@burnett.je	879	null	null
iali.mba2002@ivey.ca	880	null	null
srobinson@velaw.com	881	null	null
srobinson@houston.rr.com	881	null	null
the.buzz@enron.com	882	null	null
streicher.tim@enron.com	883	null	null
mgmbauer@btigate.com	884	null	null
custserv@gap.com	885	null	null
custserv@symantec.com	885	null	null
custserv@mail.jandr.com	885	null	null
custserv@iso-ne.com	885	null	null
custserv@hbsp.harvard.edu	885	null	null
custserv@800-flowers.net	885	null	null
custserv@sportingbetusa.com	885	null	null
custserv@bananarepublic.com	885	null	null
custserv@bananarepublic.m0.net	885	null	null
custserv@wineenthusiast.net	885	null	null
braub5@aol.com	886	null	null
appelled@apci.com	887	null	null
bible@emazing.com	888	null	null
71600.2367@compuserve.com	889	null	null
angela.collins@enron.com	890	null	null
angela@enron.com	890	null	null
angela@cook-inlet.com	890	null	null
collins@risk.co.uk	890	null	null
angela@soundmediagroup.com	890	null	null
winston.goodbody@enron.com	891	null	null
jennifer.newbrough@enron.com	892	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.2908.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	893	null	null
gfdiju982@yahoo.com	894	null	null
alumni.affairs@wharton.upenn.edu	895	null	null
alumni@tlu.edu	895	null	null
alumni@gsb.uchicago.edu	895	null	null
alumni@haas.berkeley.edu	895	null	null
alumni@tulane.edu	895	null	null
alumni@swarthmore.edu	895	null	null
mike.barry@dynegy.com	896	null	null
mike.barry@enron.com	896	null	null
paul.rice@pacificorp.com	897	null	null
insynconline.68y4p0zq.d@insync-palm.com	898	null	null
ebarnett@home.com	899	null	null
jwalk@futuresouth.com	900	null	null
keffer@enron.com	901	null	null
keffer@kslaw.com	901	null	null
'keffer@enron.com	901	null	null
keffer@haas.berkeley.edu	901	null	null
john.baker@daniel.com	902	null	null
connie@mctv.com	903	null	null
connie@fea.com	903	null	null
connie@nget.net	903	null	null
connie@enron.com	903	null	null
andygsfa@yahoo.com	904	null	null
don.black@enron.com	905	null	null
black@enron.com	905	null	null
'black@enron.com	905	null	null
bebe@areatrading.it	906	null	null
mark_lay@enron.com	907	null	null
mark.lay@solutioncompany.com	907	null	null
mark.lay@enron.com	907	null	null
lay.mark@enron.com	907	null	null
schen@haas.berkeley.edu	908	null	null
sergio.barrero@enron.com	909	null	null
jebrown@tecoenergy.com	910	null	null
rick.smith@enron.com	911	null	null
\"anil."@@enron.com	912	null	null
katklauz@aol.com	913	null	null
kjfalk@womeninit.net	914	null	null
partners@radiostakes.com	915	null	null
partners@lensexpress.com	915	null	null
partners@priceline.m0.net	915	null	null
partners@lakewindcrest.com	915	null	null
misha.weidman@enron.com	916	null	null
misha.w@mindspring.com	916	null	null
managers@ercot.com	917	null	null
b.stephanie@enron.com	918	null	null
alex.parsons@enron.com	919	null	null
alex@powerstandards.com	919	null	null
parsons@enron.com	919	null	null
alex@eplanning.com	919	null	null
alex@firstconf.com	919	null	null
alex@finmath.com	919	null	null
alex@brennanshouston.com	919	null	null
alex@lopeznegrete.com	919	null	null
alex@pira.com	919	null	null
alex@lexor.com	919	null	null
alex@enron.com	919	null	null
jqapjxwkjgzbcgtl@hotmail.com	920	null	null
daddywolf@austin.rr.com	921	null	null
lkitchen@enron.co.uk	922	null	null
lkitchen@enron.com	922	null	null
dtfwk@mecom.net	923	null	null
dtfwk@263.net	923	null	null
amy.brock@halliburton.com	924	null	null
devans@ercot.com	925	null	null
devans@napanet.net	925	null	null
devans@lmsucfy.ect.enron.com	925	null	null
kruscit@ect.enron.com	926	null	null
kruscit@enron.com	926	null	null
ronald.brzezinski@enron.com	927	null	null
lisa.kang@enron.com	928	null	null
kang@haas.berkeley.edu	928	null	null
ruth.blunden@enron.com	929	null	null
julie.ramos@enron.com	930	null	null
julie@lacimagroup.com	930	null	null
julie@enron.com	930	null	null
julie@nerc.com	930	null	null
julie@ecologyproject.org	930	null	null
julie@lacima.co.uk	930	null	null
julie.-@enron.com	930	null	null
ramos@rice.edu	930	null	null
'julie'@enron.com	930	null	null
julie@natgas.com	930	null	null
razz2@hotmail.com	931	null	null
jmalinov@yahoo.com	932	null	null
dfernald@plantsystems.com	933	null	null
johndonaldson@harvardgroupintl.com	934	null	null
pkesser@bdbc.com	935	null	null
sgaidhar@deloitte.ca	936	null	null
june-harold@webtv.net	937	null	null
bneilson@tricresources.com	938	null	null
hleibowitz@ormat.com	939	null	null
mary.long@enron.com	940	null	null
jgsadj@listserv.rice.edu	941	null	null
families@mailman.enron.com	942	null	null
earthur@hupk.com	943	null	null
kim.chick@enron.com	944	null	null
esnooktx@aol.com	945	null	null
dana.christian@enron.com	946	null	null
christian@enron.com	946	null	null
christian@ncgia.ucsb.edu	946	null	null
zimmer@enron.com	947	null	null
espinosa_miguel@gsb.stanford.edu	948	null	null
brent_brown@eott.com	949	null	null
brent@enron.com	949	null	null
brent@provdiv.ttm.bg	949	null	null
brent.brown@enron.com	949	null	null
bllong@alumni.utexas.net	950	null	null
42.6991.e9-gdmp_xx0ornue8m9q9rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	951	null	null
chrissyanthro@aol.com	952	null	null
ameet.thakkar@enron.com	953	null	null
thakkar@enron.com	953	null	null
carpenjn99@aol.com	954	null	null
stacey.dempsey@enron.com	955	null	null
dempsey@wapa.gov	955	null	null
kmuch@statoilenergy.com	956	null	null
rbrophy@nyiso.com	957	null	null
smara@ect.enron.com	958	null	null
smara@enron.com	958	null	null
smara@ees.enron.com	958	null	null
support'.'sap@enron.com	959	null	null
support@surveysavvy.com	959	null	null
support@mail.sportsbook.com	959	null	null
support@dell.com	959	null	null
support@clubhelpdesk.com	959	null	null
support@cleonline.com	959	null	null
support@audio-n-more.com	959	null	null
support@sportsline.com	959	null	null
support@izio.com	959	null	null
support@oatiin.com	959	null	null
support@classifieds.excitecorp.com	959	null	null
support@tenkwizard.com	959	null	null
support@learningco.com	959	null	null
support@markethistory.com	959	null	null
support@stormsignal.com	959	null	null
support@llamacom.com	959	null	null
support@newpower.com	959	null	null
support@communicast.com	959	null	null
support@walkerinfo.com	959	null	null
support@evite.com	959	null	null
support@betdelmarsports.com	959	null	null
support@imagestation.com	959	null	null
support@oatiinc.com	959	null	null
support@ponyx.freerealtime.com	959	null	null
support@pira.com	959	null	null
support@datek.com	959	null	null
support@energyresume.com	959	null	null
support@equityalert.com	959	null	null
support@edgar-online.com	959	null	null
support@neg.pge.com	959	null	null
support@billmanager.accountonline.com	959	null	null
support@quote.com	959	null	null
support@insightful.com	959	null	null
support@webleaguemanager.com	959	null	null
support@referrals.com	959	null	null
support@vindigo.com	959	null	null
support@clubphoto.com	959	null	null
support@mail.playersonly.com	959	null	null
support@sportsbook.com	959	null	null
support@theplacetoplay.ea.com	959	null	null
support@hotwire.com	959	null	null
ljackson@caem.org	960	null	null
communications.5271645.4131.0@a1f3-tr1.4at3.net	961	null	null
cindy.bailey@veritas.com	962	null	null
cindy@enron.com	962	null	null
cindy@n7.privatenetservers.com	962	null	null
cindy@v10.starmediahouse.com	962	null	null
cindy@secretcupboard.com	962	null	null
cindy@piroposdesign.com	962	null	null
lpnftfff@msn.com	963	null	null
stephen.wallace@enron.com	964	null	null
wallace@haas.berkeley.edu	964	null	null
wallace@enron.com	964	null	null
maria.valdes@enron.com	965	null	null
graham.aley@enron.com	966	null	null
shift.portland@enron.com	967	null	null
portland.shift@enron.com	967	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@tclcom.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@public.taiyuan.cngb.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@vertigo2.i-negocios.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@ilshin.ifc.co.kr	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@picard.skynet.be	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@dicob.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@arabia.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@yourdomain.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@starco.urbaserkiasa.cl	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@kise.kise.or.kr	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@gail.com.br	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mail.francalta.ab.ca	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mail.kicoxventure.or.kr	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@sputnik.colo.magmom.net	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@localhost.localdomain	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@ns.hq.esi.co.jp	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mail.tcda.co.kr	968	null	null
undisclosed-recipients@enron.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@perm.lukoil.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@www.cbwchina.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@itoy.sz.net.cn	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@websrv.oliveinfo.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@ns.glide.net.in	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@e450.btv.org	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@public.jinan.cngb.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@dns1.interbrand.co.jp	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mailman.enron.com	968	null	null
undisclosed@mailman.enron.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@malaga.cofaran	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@worldroom.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mailboy.enron.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@jack.dxp.ne.jp	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mail.heartmore.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@ndmail1.name-server.de	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@mail.mail-now.com	968	null	null
undisclosed.recipients@wonju-gs.hs.kr	968	null	null
fred.lindner@enron.com	969	null	null
fred.lindner@enform.com	969	null	null
lindner@enron.com	969	null	null
lbentsen@swbell.net	970	null	null
brenda.barreda@enron.com	971	null	null
tichavsky'.'scott@enron.com	972	null	null
tichavsky.scott@enron.com	972	null	null
amy.gambill@enron.com	973	null	null
prices@intelligemcepress.com	974	null	null
prices@mail.ngigpi.com	974	null	null
prices@intelligencepress.com	974	null	null
russ.ulibarri@enron.com	975	null	null
nathan.creech@enron.com	976	null	null
opt-in@opt20.edirectnetwork.net	977	null	null
opt-in@optinrealbig.com	977	null	null
opt-in@opt25.edirectnetwork.net	977	null	null
opt-in@opt32.edirectnetwork.net	977	null	null
ifsg230@mail.bus.utexas.edu	978	null	null
gilbert.heller@xemkt.com	979	null	null
bouran.qaddumi@aspentech.com	980	null	null
kevin.joyce@enron.com	981	null	null
flash@icruise.com	982	null	null
kzelikovitz@mariner-energy.com	983	null	null
joel.henenberg@enron.com	984	null	null
joel@merkellaw.com	984	null	null
ann.foret@enron.com	985	null	null
all_enron_north.america@enron.com	986	null	null
enron.america@enron.com	986	null	null
north.america@enron.com	986	null	null
all.a.@enron.com	986	null	null
all.america@enron.com	986	null	null
all.enron@enron.com	986	null	null
north.enron@enron.com	986	null	null
enron.all@enron.com	986	null	null
luis.gonzalez@enron.com	987	null	null
gonzalez@enron.com	987	null	null
o'dell.betty@enron.com	988	null	null
betty@enron.com	988	null	null
betty@duncaninterests.com	988	null	null
betty@paid4survey.net	988	null	null
shackleton'.'michael@enron.com	989	null	null
gayle.muench@enron.com	990	null	null
gayle@rodgers-ramsey.com	990	null	null
jjcletters@thestreet.com	991	null	null
tasha.lair@enron.com	992	null	null
wallymar@home.com	993	null	null
walter_hawrys@adi-dist.com	994	null	null
walter@bounds.com	994	null	null
kmilligan@pclient.ml.com	995	null	null
coldwatercreek.631736.862.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	996	null	null
newsreleases@energy.ca.gov	997	null	null
ejlanghorst@duke-energy.com	998	null	null
florencia.groppo@hds.com.ar	999	null	null
hshadaksharappa@aesc.com	1000	null	null
lkoteen@socrates.berkeley.edu	1001	null	null
fergus@enron.com	1002	null	null
fergus@brobeck.com	1002	null	null
'fergus@enron.com	1002	null	null
tobrien8@depaul.edu	1003	null	null
suzanne.franco@enron.com	1004	null	null
sencamilion@yahoo.com	1005	null	null
mark.brand@enron.com	1006	null	null
team.kermit@enron.com	1007	null	null
kennel5@tdbank.ca	1008	null	null
flipmail@netflip.com	1009	null	null
cole@enron.com	1010	null	null
cole@sigaba.com	1010	null	null
c.cole@pecorp.com	1010	null	null
keith_emery@fpl.com	1011	null	null
lynn.dekray@swpc.siemens.com	1012	null	null
sasha.jacob@gpcinternational.com	1013	null	null
sasha@enron.com	1013	null	null
424363.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	1014	null	null
group1.10.a1@relay1.gin.ru	1015	null	null
a1@a1.mediatrec.com	1015	null	null
sims.brett@enron.com	1016	null	null
brett@enron.com	1016	null	null
allibakke@hotmail.com	1017	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.137@post.intellimedia.com	1018	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes@post.intellimedia.com	1018	null	null
jody.oberman@neg.pge.com	1019	null	null
njamal@deloitte.ca	1020	null	null
czambetti@wpo.org	1021	null	null
'hackney@enron.com	1022	null	null
hackney@enron.com	1022	null	null
hege.kleven@enron.com	1023	null	null
pdrohan@calstate.edu	1024	null	null
skbaug@aol.com	1025	null	null
todrefco@aol.com	1026	null	null
registration@mail2.spinner.com	1027	null	null
registration@trustdst.com	1027	null	null
registration@quickbase.com	1027	null	null
registration@batch1.sportsrocket.com	1027	null	null
registration@production.priceline.com	1027	null	null
registration@ebay.com	1027	null	null
registration@tradefairgroup.com	1027	null	null
bwood@avistar.com	1028	null	null
bwood@energy.state.ca.us	1028	null	null
faretracker_018026@expedia.customer-email.com	1029	null	null
michael.frost@enron.com	1030	null	null
d..powell@enron.com	1031	null	null
tfn1@pge.com	1032	null	null
theresa.convery@enron.com	1033	null	null
convery@wharton.upenn.edu	1033	null	null
cbothwell@odec.com	1034	null	null
global.mailing@enron.com	1035	null	null
zach.williams@corp.rmi.net	1036	null	null
rkampmann@aol.com	1037	null	null
rkampmann@russellstephens.com	1037	null	null
rkampmann@yahoo.com	1037	null	null
t..robinson@enron.com	1038	null	null
robinson@enron.com	1038	null	null
jdelgadillo@socalgas.com	1039	null	null
sblackman@allianceworldwide.com	1040	null	null
sblackman@futuresource.com	1040	null	null
swagner@erisks.com	1041	null	null
rebs1973@yahoo.com	1042	null	null
sidrac.flores@enron.com	1043	null	null
jpolich@bracepatt.com	1044	null	null
--migrated--dodle@ercot.com	1045	null	null
dodle@ercot.com	1045	null	null
414369.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	1046	null	null
documents.577550.3471.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	1047	null	null
michaelb@amhms.com	1048	null	null
'scatena@enron.com	1049	null	null
h..lewis@enron.com	1050	null	null
lewis.h@enron.com	1050	null	null
zaiontj@bp.com	1051	null	null
ggaray@eeshou.thebentleycompany.com	1052	null	null
carolyn.green@enron.com	1053	null	null
dlanning@ypcnm.com	1054	null	null
dlanning@ytcnm.com	1054	null	null
posta_mailer.1-9255690-9211461-vz6kovu1@tumble2.datek.com	1055	null	null
ambarnes@bpa.gov	1056	null	null
lexi.elliot@enron.com	1057	null	null
clare.godson@allenovery.com	1058	null	null
wayne.kimball@enron.com	1059	null	null
annamaedicastro2195@witty.com	1060	null	null
jewell.wade@enron.com	1061	null	null
'jewell@enron.com	1061	null	null
willthurmond@emerging-markets.com	1062	null	null
markw@citizenspower.com	1063	null	null
whisperreporthtml@earningswhispers.com	1064	null	null
kerry.harrington@enron.com	1065	null	null
kerry@cle.com	1065	null	null
soblander@carrfut.com	1066	null	null
darren.finkbeiner@theimo.com	1067	null	null
darren@enron.com	1067	null	null
darren@adamik.com	1067	null	null
darren@gwbush.com	1067	null	null
adsproject@caiso.com	1068	null	null
e..levingston@enron.com	1069	null	null
esq.-enron'.'elizabeth@enron.com	1070	null	null
esq@lawlist.com	1070	null	null
kerrie.murray@telus.com	1071	null	null
kerrie_murray@telus.com	1071	null	null
kerrie.murray@shell.ca	1071	null	null
curtis@haas.berkeley.edu	1072	null	null
wesbeasley@compuserve.com	1073	null	null
alison_heer@ddouglas.k12.or.us	1074	null	null
alison@enron.com	1074	null	null
laser_ctgsales@excite.com	1075	null	null
dotty@enron.com	1076	null	null
jav899@bellsouth.net	1077	null	null
jg_liao@yahoo.com	1078	null	null
liao@kachinatech.com	1078	null	null
sahre.karin@enron.com	1079	null	null
ajones@diamondscientific.com	1080	null	null
ajones@uwtgc.org	1080	null	null
reg@ebay.com	1081	null	null
new@ticketsupport.com	1082	null	null
carlos.sole@enron.com	1083	null	null
tsarhatt@compfin.com	1084	null	null
tsarhatt@adaptivebroadband.com	1084	null	null
phyllis.anzalone@enron.com	1085	null	null
enrononline.2@enron.com	1086	null	null
enrononline@ect.enron.com	1086	null	null
hoey'.'guardian@enron.com	1087	null	null
owner-mba02@haas.berkeley.edu	1088	null	null
mba02@haas.berkeley.edu	1088	null	null
krainey@galenaparkisd.com	1089	null	null
dtyson@adaytum.com	1090	null	null
david.behrman@enron.com	1091	null	null
gary.payne@enron.com	1092	null	null
'payne@enron.com	1092	null	null
payne@bipac.org	1092	null	null
burrosale@hotmail.com	1093	null	null
jpotieno@cmsenergy.com	1094	null	null
betsimpson2@yahoo.com	1095	null	null
lightfield@enron.com	1096	null	null
wsc99@juno.com	1097	null	null
alper.sunar@enron.com	1098	null	null
morris.larubbio@enron.com	1099	null	null
morris@enron.com	1099	null	null
dpratt@winstead.com	1100	null	null
nana1434@aol.com	1101	null	null
william.frederking@enron.com	1102	null	null
jana.morse@enron.com	1103	null	null
jana.morse@dynegy.com	1103	null	null
f98evmba@haas.berkeley.edu	1104	null	null
wboswell@ionet.net	1105	null	null
jhsim@juno.com	1106	null	null
robert.anderson@blakes.com	1107	null	null
robert_anderson@apses.com	1107	null	null
robert.anderson@enron.com	1107	null	null
bernsteine@econnergy.com	1108	null	null
danny.hostetler@enron.com	1109	null	null
sflynn@winstead.com	1110	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.3384.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	1111	null	null
stuas@kkr.com	1112	null	null
vballgurl4ever@hotmail.com	1113	null	null
nate.alvord@enron.com	1114	null	null
theresa.porter@enron.com	1115	null	null
strawbale@crest.org	1116	null	null
djackson7777@hotmail.com	1117	null	null
pdelgado@gasnaturalsdg.es	1118	null	null
lupe.spencer@enron.com	1119	null	null
fpam_@hotmail.com	1120	null	null
jason.peters@enron.com	1121	null	null
peters@calpine.com	1121	null	null
peters@enron.com	1121	null	null
'peters@enron.com	1121	null	null
peters.jason@enron.com	1121	null	null
jason.peters@enron.co	1121	null	null
llindsey@aei.org	1122	null	null
ramon.pizarro@enron.com	1123	null	null
ramon@uh.edu	1123	null	null
alicia.perkins@enron.com	1124	null	null
alicia@allrecipes.com	1124	null	null
perkins@grey.fr	1124	null	null
queenie9590@aol.com	1125	null	null
beckybeltran@hotmail.com	1126	null	null
wfueqsaomu@term.speedo1200.com	1127	null	null
john.bottomley@enron.com	1128	null	null
dsanders@scana.com	1129	null	null
mundell.tara@enron.com	1130	null	null
kbhensman@aeraenergy.com	1131	null	null
natural_resources@sriconference.com	1132	null	null
alvarez_eduardo@bah.com	1133	null	null
eduardo_alvarez@bah.com	1133	null	null
morris.j@ei.com	1134	null	null
enajobs4@enron.com	1135	null	null
kent.grusendorf@gte.net	1136	null	null
douglass.dan@enron.com	1137	null	null
douglass@earthlink.net	1137	null	null
douglass'.'dan@enron.com	1137	null	null
douglass@arterhadden.com	1137	null	null
douglass@energyattorney.com	1137	null	null
blanton@swbell.net	1138	null	null
wespeckels@duke-energy.com	1139	null	null
kolombatovich@blackstone.com	1140	null	null
pearlj@bp.com	1141	null	null
preferredreader@waldenbooks.m0.net	1142	null	null
jeanne.seward@enron.com	1143	null	null
jeanne@enron.com	1143	null	null
kamins@enron.com	1144	null	null
kamins@ect.enron.com	1144	null	null
kamins@notes.enron.com	1144	null	null
jhodge2@notes.enron.com	1145	null	null
susan_bittick@may-co.com	1146	null	null
dfmatson@attbi.com	1147	null	null
donohoet@msn.com	1148	null	null
"meytina@enron.com	1149	null	null
kwpope@earthlink.net	1150	null	null
kwpope@pdq.net	1150	null	null
absolute_best@alwaystrue.net	1151	null	null
absolute_best@superemailservice.com	1151	null	null
jgilcrist@viant.com	1152	null	null
efretz@lucascareers.com	1153	null	null
cravey.sally@enron.com	1154	null	null
ckcao@aol.com	1155	null	null
'fishkin@enron.com	1156	null	null
".'"fishkin@enron.com	1156	null	null
steve.elliott@enron.com	1157	null	null
elliott@tigfirstsource.com	1157	null	null
elliott@enron.com	1157	null	null
gwolfe@enron.com	1158	null	null
gwolfe@aep.com	1158	null	null
bdingwall@stuartenergy.com	1159	null	null
bdingwall@unitedgas.com	1159	null	null
team.oakland@enron.com	1160	null	null
t.oakland@enron.com	1160	null	null
steve.c.hall@enron.com	1161	null	null
c..hall@enron.com	1161	null	null
steve.hall@enron.com	1161	null	null
6.317.b6-lelu7yvsyuwyv1-kchw2ajlvo4vg8b8x.1@mail3.travelocity.com	1162	null	null
egq6@clds.net	1163	null	null
royibasco@hotmail.com	1164	null	null
lauri.goodwyn@sgfimat.com	1165	null	null
forrest.bennett@enron.com	1166	null	null
bennett@enron.com	1166	null	null
71663.704@compuserve.com	1167	null	null
mrjrhernandez@yahoo.com	1168	null	null
dwatkiss@bracepat.com	1169	null	null
dwatkiss@bracepatt.com	1169	null	null
christy.sweeney@enron.com	1170	null	null
sweeney@enron.com	1170	null	null
christy@epis.com	1170	null	null
slombino@prebon.com	1171	null	null
jdwatkiss@aol.com	1172	null	null
don.miller@ect.enron.com	1173	null	null
don.miller@enron.com	1173	null	null
don.miller@neovation.com	1173	null	null
imtiaz.ahmad@enron.com	1174	null	null
uywnf4v@msn.com	1175	null	null
investing_text.um.a.1.3863@lists.smartmoney.com	1176	null	null
text@uclink4.berkeley.edu	1176	null	null
brian.o'rourke@enron.com	1177	null	null
.'brian@enron.com	1177	null	null
brian@universitytools.com	1177	null	null
brian@spectronenergy.com	1177	null	null
brian@velocity2.com	1177	null	null
brian@playoffinc.com	1177	null	null
brian@enron.com	1177	null	null
berry.john@enron.com	1178	null	null
berry@apx.com	1178	null	null
berry@enron.com	1178	null	null
john.berry@enron.com	1178	null	null
mbirch@wei.com	1179	null	null
debbie@boatdigest.com	1180	null	null
debbie@enron.com	1180	null	null
debbie@mickeyferrell.com	1180	null	null
kathy.bolan@neg.pge.com	1181	null	null
kathy.bolan@neg.com	1181	null	null
kathy@coga.org	1181	null	null
kathy@downtowndistrict.org	1181	null	null
kathy@loudcloud.com	1181	null	null
kathy.bolan@et.pge.com	1181	null	null
kathy@stat.rice.edu	1181	null	null
audrey.martin@ubsw.com	1182	null	null
audrey.martin@usbw.com	1182	null	null
a..martin@enron.com	1182	null	null
christi.l.nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
nicolay'.'christi@enron.com	1183	null	null
nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
l.nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
l..nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
christi@enron.com	1183	null	null
christi.nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
l.'.'nicolay@enron.com	1183	null	null
monthlyanalystreport@marketing.vignette.com	1184	null	null
karen.moore@enron.com	1185	null	null
moore@enron.com	1185	null	null
m..moore@enron.com	1185	null	null
enron.houston.ias@us.pwcglobal.com	1186	null	null
e.houston@enron.com	1186	null	null
houston@starband.net	1186	null	null
'houston@enron.com	1186	null	null
enron.houston@enron.com	1186	null	null
ias@dvclaw.com	1186	null	null
joe.hall@enron.com	1187	null	null
nrgmrktr@aol.com	1188	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_031319@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	1189	null	null
42.8997.6e-2aajoy2t2bpnfgry39rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	1190	null	null
britt.davis@enron.com	1191	null	null
britt@enron.com	1191	null	null
.'britt@enron.com	1191	null	null
britt_davis@enron.com	1191	null	null
moonevw@nu.com	1192	null	null
moonevw@selectenergy.com	1192	null	null
energymarkets@halldata.com	1193	null	null
andreas.barschkis@mgusa.com	1194	null	null
andreas@garpmail.com	1194	null	null
andreas@enron.com	1194	null	null
yaish@enron.com	1195	null	null
stevebowen@earthlink.net	1196	null	null
todd.hudson@enron.com	1197	null	null
todd@shollandco.com	1197	null	null
todd@epis.com	1197	null	null
todd@mrienergy.com	1197	null	null
todd@mrienergi.com	1197	null	null
todd@enron.com	1197	null	null
hudson@enron.com	1197	null	null
tmaha@opic.gov	1198	null	null
greg_spitzer@chicago.kirkland.com	1199	null	null
mcohn@hou-law.com	1200	null	null
nxm10f5vd5@msn.com	1201	null	null
dwn2nyvwwqsu@hotmail.com	1202	null	null
katherine.brown@enron.com	1203	null	null
k..brown@enron.com	1203	null	null
hweg@pgw.com	1204	null	null
hweg@pgwlaw.com	1204	null	null
linda.preston@enron.com	1205	null	null
mcadammj@bp.com	1206	null	null
lashonda.poledore@enron.com	1207	null	null
steven_mccarrel@enronxgate.enron.net	1208	null	null
steven.mccarrel@enron.com	1208	null	null
bkorp@avaya.com	1209	null	null
john.jura@enron.com	1210	null	null
michael.etringer@enron.com	1211	null	null
elizabeth.davis@compaq.com	1212	null	null
david.shields@enron.com	1213	null	null
ohanjanian@festival.ed.ac.uk	1214	null	null
paul.manning@honeywell.com	1215	null	null
mrostker@caiso.com	1216	null	null
bwg@cpuc.ca.gov	1217	null	null
vogel.jacqueline@enron.com	1218	null	null
todd.rimmer@enron.com	1219	null	null
s.callaway@tjmhou.com	1220	null	null
astein3183@aol.com	1221	null	null
susan.manning@enron.com	1222	null	null
jami.horton@enron.com	1223	null	null
zal.communications@enron.com	1224	null	null
nhrubin@utmb.edu	1225	null	null
l'sheryl.hudson@enron.com	1226	null	null
sheryl@enron.com	1226	null	null
42.1907.1e-jqnlo4olxrbcqtyxe9rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	1227	null	null
philippe.travis@enron.com	1228	null	null
travis@enron.com	1228	null	null
gworster@txuenergy.com	1229	null	null
alys2@mindspring.com	1230	null	null
palminc.6szfb10f.d@insync-palm.com	1231	null	null
mtl@quinnemanuel.com	1232	null	null
nick.jack@enron.com	1233	null	null
nick@cavendishwhite.com	1233	null	null
jack@artbyte.com	1233	null	null
jack@apx.com	1233	null	null
lynnelh@pacbell.net	1234	null	null
rjuenke@br-inc.com	1235	null	null
robertmun1@aol.com	1236	null	null
sferrarini@equilon.com	1237	null	null
sferrarini@equiva.com	1237	null	null
john_pinto@enron.com	1238	null	null
farmco@xtdl.com	1239	null	null
bradleyromine@yahoo.com	1240	null	null
lesmith41@aol.com	1241	null	null
pbaratz@totalnrg.com	1242	null	null
yckrn@excite.com	1243	null	null
ifrayre@hotmail.com	1244	null	null
hdmog@webmail.co.yu	1245	null	null
richard.a.stuckey@ssmb.com	1246	null	null
.stuckey@enron.com	1246	null	null
jmvorpahl@porterhedges.com	1247	null	null
outlook-migration-team@enron.com	1248	null	null
team.outlook@enron.com	1248	null	null
outlook.team@enron.com	1248	null	null
outlook.migration.team@enron.com	1248	null	null
karenv@hba.org	1249	null	null
margo.terrell@enron.com	1250	null	null
jcrossen@apx.com	1251	null	null
cgosain@steptoe.com	1252	null	null
cleo_center@calpx.com	1253	null	null
bryan.reinecke@enron.com	1254	null	null
jonalan.page@enron.com	1255	null	null
aklodow@alleghenyenergy.com	1256	null	null
aklodow@alleghaneyenergy.com	1256	null	null
aklodow@alleghaenyenergy.com	1256	null	null
ford.cooper@enron.com	1257	null	null
boyd_j._springer@jonesday.com	1258	null	null
boyd@enron.com	1258	null	null
specials@i-cruise.com	1259	null	null
specials@icruise.com	1259	null	null
specials@newsletter.cheaptickets.com	1259	null	null
specials@vegasinsider.com	1259	null	null
specials@email.cheaptickets.com	1259	null	null
specials@insider.cheaptickets.com	1259	null	null
specials@fitrx.com	1259	null	null
specials@genealogy.com	1259	null	null
lcarranza@cera.com	1260	null	null
nas@cpuc.ca.gov	1261	null	null
pkrishn@enron.com	1262	null	null
mark.dupuy@enron.com	1263	null	null
owa.notification@enron.com	1264	null	null
projvalhallagen@velaw.com	1265	null	null
additional_ena_egm_eim@enron.com	1266	null	null
ena@enron.com	1266	null	null
alexhsu@zahrsecurities.com	1267	null	null
jscott@susmangodfrey.com	1268	null	null
jscott@aep.com	1268	null	null
jscott@scottyung.com	1268	null	null
pdoyle@mathisgroup.com	1269	null	null
purvism@sullcrom.com	1270	null	null
jmoore@enron.com	1271	null	null
jmoore@newenergy.com	1271	null	null
jmoore@mcguirewoods.com	1271	null	null
tcm41894@jetson.uh.edu	1272	null	null
tmartini@glencove.com	1273	null	null
debord@mailman.enron.com	1274	null	null
robert.mason@enron.com	1275	null	null
aare-.managers@enron.com	1276	null	null
kenneth.wong@gm.com	1277	null	null
ptaylor@summitenergy.com	1278	null	null
ptaylor@genesisbusiness.com	1278	null	null
rivka62@hotmail.com	1279	null	null
elaine.schield@enron.com	1280	null	null
cms@cmsenergy.com	1281	null	null
david.gallagher@enron.com	1282	null	null
gallagher@nmoga.org	1282	null	null
zlazic@water.ca.gov	1283	null	null
rn6h7anzrfw@hotmail.com	1284	null	null
megan.la@aspentech.com	1285	null	null
megan_la@mailman.enron.com	1285	null	null
mfischer41@aol.com	1286	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.79271@joinmail.ccbn.com	1287	null	null
mir_ir-news@joinmail.ccbn.com	1287	null	null
luis.aybar@enron.com	1288	null	null
chuck.paul@a-closer-look.com	1289	null	null
chuck.paul@wiseshops.com	1289	null	null
chuck@enron.com	1289	null	null
john.lavorato/corp/enron@enron.com	1290	null	null
tthornton@akingump.com	1291	null	null
antonl@aurora-gas.com	1292	null	null
nunnally@enron.com	1293	null	null
azurmendi@southstarenergy.com	1294	null	null
azurmendi@southstarrenergy.com	1294	null	null
hodges.mark@epenergy.com	1295	null	null
hodges@enron.com	1295	null	null
misenhower@conleygroup.com	1296	null	null
mjstrauss@nisource.com	1297	null	null
mjstrauss@columbiaenergygroup.com	1297	null	null
dcongel@nyiso.com	1298	null	null
brezna@sprintmail.com	1299	null	null
zb4622@apsc.com	1300	null	null
don.powell@enron.com	1301	null	null
bass.larry@enron.com	1302	null	null
bass'.'larry@enron.com	1302	null	null
rr.mcgillivray@enron.com	1303	null	null
donna.dye@enron.com	1304	null	null
rfriddle@setterleach.com	1305	null	null
daclark@navigantconsulting.com	1306	null	null
deloachc@kochind.com	1307	null	null
enron.1@enron.com	1308	null	null
'pp'@enron.com	1309	null	null
whitepapers@bdcimail.com	1310	null	null
.'katy@enron.com	1311	null	null
katy@enron.com	1311	null	null
ljnmay@aol.com	1312	null	null
bcragg@gmssr.com	1313	null	null
laura.luce@enron.com	1314	null	null
laura@predict.com	1314	null	null
luce@enron.com	1314	null	null
laura@enron.com	1314	null	null
laura@blueworldtravel.com	1314	null	null
vivian.siao@gs.com	1315	null	null
vivian@enron.com	1315	null	null
vivian.siao@ny.email.gs.com	1315	null	null
vivian@techxans.org	1315	null	null
callum.sutherland@us.cibc.com	1316	null	null
sutherland@enron.com	1316	null	null
r..shepperd@enron.com	1317	null	null
aarmstrong@sempratrading.com	1318	null	null
edowling@quantum-intl.com	1319	null	null
theresa.villeggiante@enron.com	1320	null	null
philip.crowley@enron.com	1321	null	null
pgranoff@wine.m0.net	1322	null	null
jacqueline.didier@csfb.com	1323	null	null
jennifer.burns@enron.com	1324	null	null
j.burns@pecorp.com	1324	null	null
owner-houtex@lists.cc.utexas.edu	1325	null	null
houtex@lists.cc.utexas.edu	1325	null	null
e23480@mail.yahoo.co.jp	1326	null	null
christina.gensler@alcoa.com	1327	null	null
christina@edu.com	1327	null	null
ginsuwholesale@eudoramail.com	1328	null	null
maria.raftery@enron.com	1329	null	null
gordon.savage@enron.com	1330	null	null
wardlaw.van@enron.com	1331	null	null
bheeter@csc.com	1332	null	null
debbielatham@uswest.net	1333	null	null
debbielatham@realtor.com	1333	null	null
5511507ultimate@excite.com	1334	null	null
bob.adams@enron.com	1335	null	null
rich7306@aol.com	1336	null	null
jeffshaw00@hotmail.com	1337	null	null
paula@clearsail.net	1338	null	null
paula@tozzini.com.br	1338	null	null
paula@ecosecurities.com	1338	null	null
erin.robinson@williams.com	1339	null	null
erin@fea.com	1339	null	null
erin@enron.com	1339	null	null
erin@tisd.net	1339	null	null
jnichol@sppc.com	1340	null	null
lisa.lunz@enron.com	1341	null	null
marriott.um.a.21.1982@em10.net	1342	null	null
bmeeksjr@aol.com	1343	null	null
coreen.herring@enron.com	1344	null	null
mark.dobler@enron.com	1345	null	null
janie.bonnard@enron.com	1346	null	null
trimlife@mediatrec.roi1.net	1347	null	null
jeffreyskilling@yahoo.com	1348	null	null
phaynes1@spilmanlaw.com	1349	null	null
sarah.davis@enron.com	1350	null	null
otmane@rice.edu	1351	null	null
sharon.cuilla@nlrb.gov	1352	null	null
david.cox@enron.com	1353	null	null
david_cox@enron.net	1353	null	null
continental_airlines_inc@airmail.continental.com	1354	null	null
continental@airmail.continental.com	1354	null	null
continental@coair.com	1354	null	null
continental_airlines_inc@coair.rsc01.com	1354	null	null
michael.robison@enron.com	1355	null	null
quickdegree@hotmail.com	1356	null	null
sdspet3@earthlink.net	1357	null	null
andrew.fairley@enron.com	1358	null	null
aagigian@suffolk.edu	1359	null	null
dailynews-text-request@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	1360	null	null
dailynews-text@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	1360	null	null
mike.rabon@enron.com	1361	null	null
mendelso@haas.berkeley.edu	1362	null	null
vbrawne@nicor.com	1363	null	null
pbancza@ect.enron.com	1364	null	null
alison.reitze@elpaso.com	1365	null	null
xstglrlarbznysdq@msn.com	1366	null	null
baker.carolyn@enron.com	1367	null	null
dl-ga-all_domestic2@enron.com	1368	null	null
barry.proud@enron.com	1369	null	null
hill8314@aol.com	1370	null	null
joe.villela@enron.com	1371	null	null
jamie_stoner@pgn.com	1372	null	null
jamie@treebeards.com	1372	null	null
jamie@shbc-tulsa.org	1372	null	null
jamie@prosperpoint.com	1372	null	null
f16518@naseej.com	1373	null	null
f16518@personal.ro	1373	null	null
mullenc@pjm.com	1374	null	null
mba03@haas.berkeley.edu	1375	null	null
ameritrade_011407@ameritrade.customer-email.com	1376	null	null
ameritrade@strategy.com	1376	null	null
shannon@rer.com	1377	null	null
hcsloan@aol.com	1378	null	null
paul_martinez@nmenv.state.nm.us	1379	null	null
martinez@enron.com	1379	null	null
sbarrett@nyiso.com	1380	null	null
p4236@chaiyo.com	1381	null	null
bkrueger@ddpixray.com	1382	null	null
connie.brown@nepco.com	1383	null	null
connie.brown@enron.com	1383	null	null
carter.victor@enron.com	1384	null	null
carter@mailman.enron.com	1384	null	null
carter@enron.com	1384	null	null
stevieg94@hotmail.com	1385	null	null
cinibulk.walter@enron.com	1386	null	null
p.connolly@hortresearch.co.nz	1387	null	null
connolly@enron.com	1387	null	null
dora.sung@americas.bnpparibas.com	1388	null	null
dpresto@clearskybroadband.com	1389	null	null
'aolcom@enron.com	1390	null	null
ajm@lehman.com	1391	null	null
sue.neville@dynegy.com	1392	null	null
sue@sheltercorp.com	1392	null	null
sue.neville@enron.com	1392	null	null
sue@burnettps.com	1392	null	null
sue@enron.com	1392	null	null
jmtaggart@duke-energy.com	1393	null	null
nichole.gunter@enron.com	1394	null	null
shorton@enron.com	1395	null	null
shorton@ei.enron.com	1395	null	null
piper.cole@sun.com	1396	null	null
sharon.fredrick@enron.com	1397	null	null
john.grant@enron.com	1398	null	null
grant@enron.com	1398	null	null
woita.lyle@enron.com	1399	null	null
julie.armstrong@enron.com	1400	null	null
patricia.kirkwood@enron.com	1401	null	null
zaki-ghafoor@adgas.co.ae	1402	null	null
zaki@enron.com	1402	null	null
wanda.chalk@enron.com	1403	null	null
sales@selloffvacations.com	1404	null	null
sales@intcx.com	1404	null	null
sales@popswine.com	1404	null	null
sales@varsitychrysler.com	1404	null	null
sales@arcadeequipmentwarehouse.com	1404	null	null
sales@zanotta.it	1404	null	null
sales@dpi.net	1404	null	null
sales@cesinc.com	1404	null	null
sales@cortlandtwines.com	1404	null	null
sales@tejastoyota.com	1404	null	null
sales@izolli.com	1404	null	null
sales@webdesin.com	1404	null	null
sales@energyauctionplace.com	1404	null	null
sales@elifesize.com	1404	null	null
sales@abestkitchen.com	1404	null	null
mmmmisha@enron.com	1405	null	null
mmmmisha@ix.netcom.com	1405	null	null
eloan@mcfeely.eloan.com	1406	null	null
eloan@financier.com	1406	null	null
lpyzugpaueupllfk@aol.com	1407	null	null
john_chandley@lecg.com	1408	null	null
webmaster-e@transcanada.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@1400smith.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@guitarchasers.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@iif.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@starfurniture.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@aga.org	1409	null	null
webmaster@theskier.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@dealbench.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@stadtbau-amberg.de	1409	null	null
webmaster@cera.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@gmac.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@u2.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@knxv.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@fp.edu	1409	null	null
webmaster@elpaso.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@progressive.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@climaton.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@caiso.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@trader.ca	1409	null	null
webmaster@selectsmart.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@fastweb.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@webmasterdirect.org	1409	null	null
webmaster@webweekends.co.uk	1409	null	null
webmaster@brooksbrothers.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@nationalcar.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@ms150.org	1409	null	null
webmaster@earnings.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@spegcs.org	1409	null	null
webmaster@evomarkets.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@newsletter.ussoccer.com	1409	null	null
webmaster@hgo.com	1409	null	null
ect.trading@enron.com	1410	null	null
jordanlawrence@nicorenergy.com	1411	null	null
caroline.harper@amerada.co.uk	1412	null	null
caroline@thegrid.net	1412	null	null
caroline@ronarad.com	1412	null	null
tvm123@aol.com	1413	null	null
allfreenews@lists.postlite.com	1414	null	null
kiske@enron.com	1415	null	null
'kiske@enron.com	1415	null	null
lisa.cousino@enron.com	1416	null	null
jterzuoli@ibjwhitehall.com	1417	null	null
saveresults@abgmail.activeresearch.com	1418	null	null
jinbaek.kim@enron.com	1419	null	null
jinbaek@ieor.berkeley.edu	1419	null	null
jinbaek@yahoo.com	1419	null	null
sjackson@milbank.com	1420	null	null
sjackson@epsa.org	1420	null	null
steve.sanmiguel@enron.com	1421	null	null
lin.reece@southernenergy.com	1422	null	null
lin@enron.com	1422	null	null
john.enerson@enron.com	1423	null	null
john.mark@enron.com	1424	null	null
textbreakingnews@cnnimail4.cnn.com	1425	null	null
textbreakingnews@cnnimail12.cnn.com	1425	null	null
bill.dulle@enron.com	1426	null	null
dulle@enron.com	1426	null	null
konur.vito.vs@bhp.com.au	1427	null	null
konur.vito.vs@bhp.com	1427	null	null
konur@worldnet.att.net	1427	null	null
konur@enron.com	1427	null	null
customer_support@ticketmaster.com	1428	null	null
customer@mailman.enron.com	1428	null	null
kevin_anderson@npradc.org	1429	null	null
mbridges@houston.rr.com	1430	null	null
lenos@ucy.ac.cy	1431	null	null
lenos@rogroup.com	1431	null	null
swoodworth@technologystaffing.com	1432	null	null
gavin.brown@slaughterandmay.com	1433	null	null
lerichrd@wapa.gov	1434	null	null
nnachawa@central.uh.edu	1435	null	null
announcements-holidays@paypal.com	1436	null	null
announcements@datek.m0.net	1436	null	null
announcements@houstonheights.org	1436	null	null
announcements@datek2.m0.net	1436	null	null
announcements@provantage.com	1436	null	null
announcements@welcome.ebay.com	1436	null	null
jroyed@mail.ev1.net	1437	null	null
jroyed@ev1.net	1437	null	null
jroyed@nisource.com	1437	null	null
hrobertson@hbk.com	1438	null	null
hrobertson@cloughcapital.com	1438	null	null
424350.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	1439	null	null
nzthamgicibklcfv@biggieyahoo.ca	1440	null	null
1800flowers.248346124@s2u2.com	1441	null	null
1800flowers@1800flowers.flonetwork.com	1441	null	null
1800flowers@shop2u.com	1441	null	null
d..capellas@enron.com	1442	null	null
tlacy@swbanktx.com	1443	null	null
jpuzio@nui.com	1444	null	null
tim.derrick@enron.com	1445	null	null
keller.mayeaux@enron.com	1446	null	null
keller.mayeaux@xemkt.com	1446	null	null
mary_glenn@mcgraw-hill.com	1447	null	null
bmorgen@aigi.com	1448	null	null
philz61@hotmail.com	1449	null	null
dpsalerno@aol.com	1450	null	null
faith.clary@sfx.com	1451	null	null
faith@pdq.net	1451	null	null
clary@enron.com	1451	null	null
alove@rr.houston.com	1452	null	null
alove@houston.rr	1452	null	null
alove@talisman-energy.com	1452	null	null
alove@houston.rr.com	1452	null	null
marc.hellman@state.or.us	1453	null	null
marc@enron.com	1453	null	null
husky1@enron.com	1454	null	null
andou_wdc@nikkei.com	1455	null	null
ind@websystems.com	1456	null	null
coldwatercreek.631736.981.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	1457	null	null
earline.kendall@enron.com	1458	null	null
billstclair@msn.com	1459	null	null
johan.louw@painewebber.com	1460	null	null
johan.louw@ubspw.com	1460	null	null
johan.louw@ubspainewebber.com	1460	null	null
lstuart@erehab.com	1461	null	null
lstuart@arn.com	1461	null	null
white.robert@enron.com	1462	null	null
dobee@houston.rr.com	1463	null	null
mail43232@pop.net	1464	null	null
jennifer.mendez@enron.com	1465	null	null
storm@lists.hurricanecentral.com	1466	null	null
fbcat@aol.com	1467	null	null
thu.arnold@enron.com	1468	null	null
mexicomeeting@weforum.org	1469	null	null
john.hay@enron.com	1470	null	null
michele.lokay@enron.com	1471	null	null
michele@mobular.com	1471	null	null
ls2fd8x@msn.com	1472	null	null
wendy.dunford@arthurandersen.com	1473	null	null
wendy@enron.com	1473	null	null
wendy.dunford@uk.arthurandersen.com	1473	null	null
wendy@evans-automation.com	1473	null	null
gerald_williams@afcc.com	1474	null	null
grampus@mail.sunbeach.net	1475	null	null
grampus@sunbeach.net	1475	null	null
2001tacvote@ercot.com	1476	null	null
re_nunes@yahoo.com	1477	null	null
lisashears@yahoo.com	1478	null	null
eduardo.cancian@enron.com	1479	null	null
security.ubsw@enron.com	1480	null	null
rpost@ameren.com	1481	null	null
kgreen@tristategt.org	1482	null	null
s.'.'kaczenski@enron.com	1483	null	null
jeffrey.soo@enron.com	1484	null	null
cliff.feehan@tdsecurities.com	1485	null	null
davidandsara@islc.net	1486	null	null
richardw@ipe.uk.com	1487	null	null
drake.borer@utsouthwestern.edu	1488	null	null
ak1814@aol.com	1489	null	null
johnston_nicholas@jpmorgan.com	1490	null	null
johnston@enron.com	1490	null	null
johnston@mailman.enron.com	1490	null	null
ruszul39r3@hotmail.com	1491	null	null
hockeyisgreat@talkmatch.com	1492	null	null
william_kirkman@kindermorgan.com	1493	null	null
1.3621.f0-0jdu1qa40nkp.1@mailer.realage.com	1494	null	null
jozef.lieskovsky@enron.com	1495	null	null
nabil@enron.com	1496	null	null
fawcett.jeff@enron.com	1497	null	null
jeff.fawcett@enron.com	1497	null	null
'fawcett@enron.com	1497	null	null
'jeff.fawcett@enron.com	1497	null	null
matthew.nimmo@enron.com	1498	null	null
robert.campbell@enron.com	1499	null	null
robert_campbell@mindspring.com	1499	null	null
germanj@basf-corp.com	1500	null	null
germanj@notes.basf-corp.com	1500	null	null
ghopley@enron.com	1501	null	null
robert.fulton@merlinproduction.com	1502	null	null
hpshopping_com.6hxnq3j6.fk@hpccm.p0.com	1503	null	null
hpshopping@hpsv.m0.net	1503	null	null
j..krejci@enron.com	1504	null	null
alexmcelreath@hotmail.com	1505	null	null
scott.cleverly@enron.com	1506	null	null
05.01.01.migration@enron.com	1507	null	null
zone45@mailman.enron.com	1508	null	null
mike.croucher@enron.com	1509	null	null
mlt@cpuc.ca.gov	1510	null	null
expediatraveldeals_031436@expedia.customer-email.com	1511	null	null
andrew.morrison@enron.com	1512	null	null
morrison@enron.com	1512	null	null
'morrison@enron.com	1512	null	null
jaycfr@eei.org	1513	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.109483@joinmail.ccbn.com	1514	null	null
ceg_ir-sec@joinmail.ccbn.com	1514	null	null
_webex.um.a.21.2032@em10.net	1515	null	null
team.hugoton-plant@enron.com	1516	null	null
h..harrison@enron.com	1517	null	null
scott.josey@enron.com	1518	null	null
josey@enron.com	1518	null	null
5594935@skytel.com	1519	null	null
richard.hensch@enron.com	1520	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_041901a@airmail.continental.com	1521	null	null
paul.v.tebo@usa.dupont.com	1522	null	null
donald.shindler@piperrudnick.com	1523	null	null
ksbiehl@hotmail.com	1524	null	null
james.murry@ps.ge.com	1525	null	null
billy.lemmons@enron.com	1526	null	null
jdoering@rcgroup.com	1527	null	null
twiechmann@jhubc.it	1528	null	null
yzaguirre@enron.com	1529	null	null
inc.'.'premier@enron.com	1530	null	null
derrick.group@enron.com	1531	null	null
jrosenthal@cgsh.com	1532	null	null
james.moore@enron.com	1533	null	null
luntz@aol.com	1534	null	null
cheryl.king@enron.com	1535	null	null
cheryl@enron.com	1535	null	null
cheryl@flex.net	1535	null	null
michelle.blaine@enron.com	1536	null	null
blaine@haas.berkeley.edu	1536	null	null
blaine'.'michelle@enron.com	1536	null	null
gztcd@msn.com	1537	null	null
heat50@uole.com	1538	null	null
lynn.schaffart@enron.com	1539	null	null
hgovenar@mail.acom2.com	1540	null	null
hgovenar@govadv.com	1540	null	null
hgovenar@enron.com	1540	null	null
hgovenar@acom2.com	1540	null	null
jthome@enron.com	1541	null	null
michael.lassle@enron.com	1542	null	null
dmcelduff@nymex.com	1543	null	null
kssoh@camh.org	1544	null	null
other@enron.com	1545	null	null
ben.lockman@enron.com	1546	null	null
ben@macklowegallery.com	1546	null	null
ben@zoo.ufl.edu	1546	null	null
ben@woodward.ucsf.edu	1546	null	null
ben@brosen.com	1546	null	null
ben@enron.com	1546	null	null
ben@crs.hn	1546	null	null
ben@techna.com	1546	null	null
gtmcgourty@ucdavis.edu	1547	null	null
venturewire@venturewire.com	1548	null	null
stephen.veatch@enron.com	1549	null	null
rbhattacharya@velaw.com	1550	null	null
carmelita.holland@enron.com	1551	null	null
steven.mccarthy@enron.com	1552	null	null
mccarthy@bigwords.com	1552	null	null
christine.lee@ubsw.com	1553	null	null
christine.lee@enron.com	1553	null	null
preston.roobaert@enron.com	1554	null	null
moleski@www1.pjm.com	1555	null	null
martha.stevens@enron.com	1556	null	null
stevens@enron.com	1556	null	null
bjspringer@jonesday.com	1557	null	null
intelhomecomputing.d1njhud.j@message.intel.com	1558	null	null
pat.clynes@enron.com	1559	null	null
nigel.sellens@enron.com	1560	null	null
nigel@enron.com	1560	null	null
joseph.delaney@morganstanley.com	1561	null	null
'.'delaney@enron.com	1561	null	null
joseph@epis.com	1561	null	null
joseph@enron.com	1561	null	null
delaney@bus.msu.edu	1561	null	null
'delaney@enron.com	1561	null	null
chadburlingame@hotmail.com	1562	null	null
ksu93@aol.com	1563	null	null
dobbswn@auburn.edu	1564	null	null
gene.casas@enron.com	1565	null	null
e.murrell@enron.com	1566	null	null
john.mackel@enron.com	1567	null	null
pm5star@aol.com	1568	null	null
purdom.jay@enron.com	1569	null	null
ntrask@pwrteam.com	1570	null	null
mrwright@hydrant.ruf.rice.edu	1571	null	null
andrew.gibbins@enron.com	1572	null	null
mitch.enron@enron.com	1573	null	null
tolson@hunton.com	1574	null	null
joseph.smith@enron.com	1575	null	null
j.smith@enron.com	1575	null	null
kkwright@texaschildrenshospital.org	1576	null	null
alan.r.buckwalter@chase.com	1577	null	null
.'alan@enron.com	1577	null	null
alan@epud.org	1577	null	null
alan@enron.com	1577	null	null
alan@enventure.com	1577	null	null
mcaulson@sempra.com	1578	null	null
szehner@bdo.com	1579	null	null
bill.barker@attws.com	1580	null	null
barker@rice.edu	1580	null	null
barker@enron.com	1580	null	null
ejbutler28@hotmail.com	1581	null	null
tsweet@ect.enron.com	1582	null	null
tsweet@houston.rr.com	1582	null	null
fte_newsletters@ftenergy.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@fansonly.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@culturefinder.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@fimi.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@paperloop.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@feedback.iwon.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@newsletters.dallasnews.com	1583	null	null
newsletters@123jump.com	1583	null	null
andrew.h.lewis@enron.com	1584	null	null
christophe.chassard@rwetrading.com	1585	null	null
christophe@layfam.com	1585	null	null
christophe@enron.com	1585	null	null
christophe.chassard@trading-rwe.co.uk	1585	null	null
hlm4@psu.edu	1586	null	null
ainsley.gaddis@enron.com	1587	null	null
rloeffler@mofo.com	1588	null	null
controllers.dl-ets@enron.com	1589	null	null
dcooper@pcenergy.com	1590	null	null
alexander.martinez@exxon.sprint.com	1591	null	null
jeanine.denicola@newpower.com	1592	null	null
cndrlla74@aol.com	1593	null	null
goozmeister@yahoo.com	1594	null	null
amywilson@btamail.net.cn	1595	null	null
promo@nccdsl.com	1596	null	null
promo@info.iwon.com	1596	null	null
promo@mvpsportsbook.com	1596	null	null
promo@bestbonus.net	1596	null	null
promo@f1trading.com	1596	null	null
promo@e-virtualcities.com	1596	null	null
peter.makkai@enron.com	1597	null	null
cfr@vnf.com	1598	null	null
danielyergin@cera.com	1599	null	null
1.3294.05-oq4msdjw7chi.1@mailer.realage.com	1600	null	null
cathy.torre@enron.com	1601	null	null
tr_news_letter@cch.com	1602	null	null
status_updates@enron.com	1603	null	null
updates@bonzi.com	1603	null	null
updates@iconnecthere.com	1603	null	null
status_updates@concureworkplace.com	1603	null	null
updates@libertytradinggroup.com	1603	null	null
updates@send4fun.com	1603	null	null
nicole.la@enron.com	1604	null	null
nicole@pos.org	1604	null	null
nicole_la@enron.net	1604	null	null
kevin.mcmahon@enron.com	1605	null	null
mcmahon@enron.com	1605	null	null
yolanda.cordova-gilbert@enron.com	1606	null	null
yolanda@ccemtl.org	1606	null	null
susan.c.barrows@ca.pwcglobal.com	1607	null	null
susanleigh55@earthlink.net	1608	null	null
susanleigh55@earthlink.com	1608	null	null
vanessa.griffin@enron.com	1609	null	null
griffin@lonestarsteel.com	1609	null	null
eric.benson@enron.com	1610	null	null
jay.fitzgerald@enron.com	1611	null	null
fitzgerald@enron.com	1611	null	null
taejkim@aol.com	1612	null	null
wild@sfo.com	1613	null	null
rbechor@eurelectric.org	1614	null	null
dora.trevino@enron.com	1615	null	null
d..trevino@enron.com	1615	null	null
jfrizzel@gibbs-bruns.com	1616	null	null
bsardo@ka-pow.com	1617	null	null
whittneyskinner@hotmail.com	1618	null	null
simon@ecs.ultranet.com	1619	null	null
simon@localbloke.freeserve.co.uk	1619	null	null
simon@enron.com	1619	null	null
tsmehta@cmsenergy.com	1620	null	null
galvan666@aol.com	1621	null	null
reggie.stotts@enron.com	1622	null	null
bryan.garrett@enron.com	1623	null	null
garrett@jobmenu.com	1623	null	null
wilma.mendiola@enron.com	1624	null	null
subcription.list@mailman.enron.com	1625	null	null
rpickel@isda.org	1626	null	null
tjones@dom.com	1627	null	null
patrick.leahy@enron.com	1628	null	null
onepass_022201@airmail.continental.com	1629	null	null
onepass@opsc.flycontinental.com	1629	null	null
onepass@coair.com	1629	null	null
nficara@wpo.org	1630	null	null
joanna.duncanson@enron.com	1631	null	null
joanna@groupdesigninc.com	1631	null	null
joanna@venturestrategy.com	1631	null	null
joanna@enron.com	1631	null	null
expediatraveldeals_029765@expedia.customer-email.com	1632	null	null
wilber6858@yahoo.com	1633	null	null
slcwilliams@enron.com	1634	null	null
adil.jaffry@ivita.com	1635	null	null
adil.jaffry@enron.com	1635	null	null
isonp@ercot.com	1636	null	null
deborah.merril@enron.com	1637	null	null
d..merril@enron.com	1637	null	null
l..wells@enron.com	1638	null	null
jgill@hanover-co.com	1639	null	null
rbradle@enron.com	1640	null	null
jwatson@nwdiagnostic.com	1641	null	null
jwatson@velaw.com	1641	null	null
jwatson@the-spires.com	1641	null	null
julie_vu@aimfunds.com	1642	null	null
paul.dawson@enron.com	1643	null	null
dawson@enron.com	1643	null	null
rehman.sharif@enron.com	1644	null	null
fred.kelly@enron.com	1645	null	null
kcschock@aol.com	1646	null	null
burkee@cts.com	1647	null	null
ramirez.joe@enron.com	1648	null	null
tholmes@thebiz.net	1649	null	null
anne.eastwood@enron.com	1650	null	null
anne@enron.com	1650	null	null
anne@vanguardventures.com	1650	null	null
anne@ran.org	1650	null	null
anne@nyurbanventures.com	1650	null	null
marciuk@hotmail.com	1651	null	null
armando.lucio@enron.com	1652	null	null
frank.rishe@enron.com	1653	null	null
tz3qu@msn.com	1654	null	null
mrosenberg@sithe.com	1655	null	null
psegrest@worldnet.att.net	1656	null	null
ameritrade_029427@ameritrade.customer-email.com	1657	null	null
cmmmam@earthlink.net	1658	null	null
rdorr01@earthlink.net	1659	null	null
steve.barry@sabre.com	1660	null	null
steve_b@zipmail.com	1660	null	null
dick_jenkins@dom.com	1661	null	null
dick.jenkins@enron.com	1661	null	null
dick@monm.edu	1661	null	null
d.jenkins@mail.utexas.edu	1661	null	null
.'dick@enron.com	1661	null	null
dick@pnucc.org	1661	null	null
dick@enron.com	1661	null	null
dick@jeanneret.com	1661	null	null
cbrown@bracepatt.com	1662	null	null
cbrown@sjbc.com	1662	null	null
resta@u.washington.edu	1663	null	null
e.bronner@tecoenergy.com	1664	null	null
changeold_4_86a52df0e437069f93de1c5f6d8faf1091d7f9bb1ea58e45ac96320360764dc3_johngriffith65@newman.oscar.aol.com	1665	null	null
terry_pierce@enron.net	1666	null	null
pierce@haas.berkeley.edu	1666	null	null
avillarreal1@houston.rr.com	1667	null	null
tremac2@yahoo.com	1668	null	null
becky.bruce@enron.com	1669	null	null
jerone.tyler@enron.com	1670	null	null
tyler@mdkmarketing.com	1670	null	null
bharris@strake.org	1671	null	null
moklefeker@compuserve.com	1672	null	null
rthomps@columbiaenergygroup.com	1673	null	null
greg.mann@enron.com	1674	null	null
v_stenglein@yahoo.com	1675	null	null
vipsavers.10@lists.postmastergeneral.com	1676	null	null
vipsavers.10@reply.pm0.net	1676	null	null
jordan.w.cowman@bakernet.com	1677	null	null
cowman@enron.com	1677	null	null
dagistino@enron.com	1678	null	null
david.goodman@entergykoch.com	1679	null	null
david.edelson@chase.com	1680	null	null
craigv@cmicro.com	1681	null	null
govt.affairs@enron.com	1682	null	null
pamela.allison@enron.com	1683	null	null
epaszkiewicz@talisman-energy.com	1684	null	null
y5lnitj@msn.com	1685	null	null
danielle.romain@enron.com	1686	null	null
danielle@tozzini.com.br	1686	null	null
danielle@wscc.com	1686	null	null
bradc@bammel.org	1687	null	null
7137167243.7160795@pagenet.net	1688	null	null
julsvu@hotmail.com	1689	null	null
steve.vanhooser@enron.com	1690	null	null
fhampton@bondmarkets.com	1691	null	null
ldorr@exchange.ml.com	1692	null	null
michael.driscoll@enron.com	1693	null	null
m..driscoll@enron.com	1693	null	null
schmidt@enron.com	1694	null	null
kathy_patton@dynegy.com	1695	null	null
k..patton@enron.com	1695	null	null
patton@aol.com	1695	null	null
paul.tate@enron.com	1696	null	null
'tate@enron.com	1696	null	null
paul.tate@cinergy.com	1696	null	null
anthony.carroll@americas.bnpparibas.com	1697	null	null
anthony_carroll@americas.bnpparibas.com	1697	null	null
carroll@enron.com	1697	null	null
anthony@enron.com	1697	null	null
carroll@bracepatt.com	1697	null	null
mgonzalezga@gasnaturalsdg.es	1698	null	null
avramnallison@home.com	1699	null	null
johnsogc@bp.com	1700	null	null
sharon.brown@enron.com	1701	null	null
shawn.simon@enron.com	1702	null	null
dgautschi@deloitte.com	1703	null	null
cvarela@lockeliddell.com	1704	null	null
josh.duncan@enron.com	1705	null	null
josh@enron.com	1705	null	null
kim.kouri@enron.com	1706	null	null
kouri@uh.edu	1706	null	null
waltercameron@hotmail.com	1707	null	null
brenda.l.funk@enron.com	1708	null	null
l..funk@enron.com	1708	null	null
brenda.funk@enron.com	1708	null	null
jrogers@mofo.com	1709	null	null
jrogers@cinergy.com	1709	null	null
uksyz@slo.net	1710	null	null
jayshree.desai@enron.com	1711	null	null
bianca.collier@enron.com	1712	null	null
j..coneway@enron.com	1713	null	null
scott.sullivan@enron.com	1714	null	null
sullivan@haas.berkeley.edu	1714	null	null
sullivan@xmr3.com	1714	null	null
scott_sullivan@enron.com	1714	null	null
lazytrader4@lyris1.listenvoy.com	1715	null	null
mjillard@beaconelectric.com	1716	null	null
maroun.abboudy@enron.com	1717	null	null
cynthia_allen@roundrockisd.org	1718	null	null
cgallegos@apx.com	1719	null	null
alex.villarreal@enron.com	1720	null	null
villarreal@enron.com	1720	null	null
muthukumar.krishnan@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	1721	null	null
williamhjordan@mindspring.com	1722	null	null
vance.holtzman@enron.com	1723	null	null
vance@gvtucker.com	1723	null	null
wendi.andon@enron.com	1724	null	null
mturchi@lifewatchinc.com	1725	null	null
bgpritchett@duke-energy.com	1726	null	null
andrea.dahlke@enron.com	1727	null	null
barry.wiederholt@enron.com	1728	null	null
mike.smith@enron.com	1729	null	null
vpsuny@aol.com	1730	null	null
carl.fink@neg.pge.com	1731	null	null
fink@enron.com	1731	null	null
carl@enron.com	1731	null	null
howton.k@ghc.org	1732	null	null
lewallen.joey@enron.com	1733	null	null
merlyn@stonehenge.com	1734	null	null
wakefield.steven@epenergy.com	1735	null	null
joe.uva@sales.turner.com	1736	null	null
michael.cowan@enron.com	1737	null	null
debbie.nicholls@enron.com	1738	null	null
dispute@ix.netcom.com	1739	null	null
deutsch.david@enron.com	1740	null	null
donnelly.marc@enron.com	1741	null	null
spj@cpuc.ca.gov	1742	null	null
mizzouwally@compuserve.com	1743	null	null
plattsnews@list1.resdata.com	1744	null	null
kward@traveltech.com	1745	null	null
kward@enron.com	1745	null	null
kward@ect.enron.com	1745	null	null
kward@houston.rr.com	1745	null	null
wtashnek@sgfimat.com	1746	null	null
wtashnek@aol.com	1746	null	null
heidi.withers@enron.com	1747	null	null
diana.hu@compaq.com	1748	null	null
keith.stepp@enron.com	1749	null	null
karilynette@aol.com	1750	null	null
w..muench@enron.com	1751	null	null
lglcttotx@main.com	1752	null	null
joe.casas@enron.com	1753	null	null
dorn_hetzel@palm.net	1754	null	null
dorn.hetzel@enron.com	1754	null	null
delia.walters@enron.com	1755	null	null
delia@prescottlegal.com	1755	null	null
powerprices@amerexenergy.com	1756	null	null
steven.v.thomas@dynegy.com	1757	null	null
tstauch@mmb-law.com	1758	null	null
knipe'.'chad@enron.com	1759	null	null
knipe.chad@enron.com	1759	null	null
clint.cockrell@enron.com	1760	null	null
clint@enron.com	1760	null	null
ibpeinado@enron.com	1761	null	null
david-bobo@hlp.com	1762	null	null
bobo@mail2.allegro.net	1762	null	null
anna.reich@enron.com	1763	null	null
hogan@enron.com	1764	null	null
woltz.jim@enron.com	1765	null	null
bfeliciano@apx.com	1766	null	null
james.jessee@piedmontng.com	1767	null	null
2.4102.fa-t-mj1x3lii0n.1@cda01.cdnow.com	1768	null	null
dan.bruce@enron.com	1769	null	null
s..galvan@enron.com	1770	null	null
galvan@enron.com	1770	null	null
'galvan@enron.com	1770	null	null
gregiu@email.msn.com	1771	null	null
gregiu@msn.com	1771	null	null
alisa.christensen@enron.com	1772	null	null
christensen@gbnuk.com	1772	null	null
336512.126932221.2@1.americanexpress.com	1773	null	null
jack.farley@enron.com	1774	null	null
'farley@enron.com	1774	null	null
gacox@gsi-net.com	1775	null	null
gacox@mail.gsi-net.com	1775	null	null
michelle.foust@enron.com	1776	null	null
solutions@egreetings.com	1777	null	null
solutions@zepower.com	1777	null	null
solutions@factiva.com	1777	null	null
terri'.'brian@enron.com	1778	null	null
terri.brian@enron.com	1778	null	null
tom.moore@enron.com	1779	null	null
gabriela.romano@itau.com.br	1780	null	null
jgarven@lsu.edu	1781	null	null
omni-trainee.21@enron.com	1782	null	null
gabriel.matus@weil.com	1783	null	null
gabriel@enron.com	1783	null	null
ramakrishnan_krishnan@afandpa.org	1784	null	null
clbywaters1@aep.com	1785	null	null
pdmichie@bpa.gov	1786	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.106170@joinmail.ccbn.com	1787	null	null
nstahl@bowdoin.edu	1788	null	null
donna.wackerle@enron.com	1789	null	null
sherry.anastas@enron.com	1790	null	null
sherry@radack.com	1790	null	null
stacy.afseth@enron.com	1791	null	null
253768stockalert@yahoo.co.jp	1792	null	null
joaocneves@email.msn.com	1793	null	null
credit_department@customoffers.com	1794	null	null
credit@enron.com	1794	null	null
visitornews@edgar-online.com	1795	null	null
denise.matthews@enron.com	1796	null	null
denise@enron.com	1796	null	null
r.dean.graves@us.arthurandersen.com	1797	null	null
r.dean.graves@us.andersen.com	1797	null	null
g..graves@enron.com	1797	null	null
duffys1234@aol.com	1798	null	null
ossiealamsyah2001@yahoo.com	1799	null	null
barnesfamilyus@prodigy.net	1800	null	null
bhitschel@tesoropetroleum.com	1801	null	null
walt.williams@enron.com	1802	null	null
walt@insync.net	1802	null	null
msngamingzone_029195@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	1803	null	null
darryn.light@bnpparibas.com	1804	null	null
fashion@kingshilldirect.co.uk	1805	null	null
gargravi@hotmail.com	1806	null	null
dacollins@negm.com	1807	null	null
laura.broacha@enron.com	1808	null	null
monanmac@netzero.net	1809	null	null
rsgates@thelinkpartners.com	1810	null	null
networkcommerce-rcds20011213@ombramarketing.com	1811	null	null
frances.ortiz@enron.com	1812	null	null
tomas.valnek@enron.com	1813	null	null
junell@iapc.net	1814	null	null
diomedes@cumulouscapital.com	1815	null	null
bratt.krista@enron.com	1816	null	null
michael.wilson@mpingo.com	1817	null	null
fergy4@attbi.com	1818	null	null
fergy4@home.com	1818	null	null
angeline.chong@enron.com	1819	null	null
stephen.abbanat@enron.com	1820	null	null
jas.somrah@enron.com	1821	null	null
jas@beggslane.com	1821	null	null
ptmather@aol.com	1822	null	null
justin.o'malley@enron.com	1823	null	null
s1green@carbon.cudenver.edu	1824	null	null
b2nusbaum@qwest.net	1825	null	null
amanda.boettcher@enron.com	1826	null	null
compliance.dl-rac@enron.com	1827	null	null
cdelarosa@nyiso.com	1828	null	null
2812677295@page.metrocall.com	1829	null	null
penny.munro@pgen.com	1830	null	null
penny@enron.com	1830	null	null
cynthia.mayes@enron.com	1831	null	null
ronniechan@hanglung.com	1832	null	null
pinnamaneni.krishnarao@enron.com	1833	null	null
krishnarao@enron.com	1833	null	null
alison_campbell@eott.com	1834	null	null
alison.campbell@enron.com	1834	null	null
mom@enron.com	1835	null	null
'mom'@enron.com	1835	null	null
mikahl@ka-pow.com	1836	null	null
smusales@aol.com	1837	null	null
teel@ranches.org	1838	null	null
teel@enron.com	1838	null	null
412170.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	1839	null	null
scott.karro@csfb.com	1840	null	null
barbara.kurz@wmanngkr.com	1841	null	null
usaa.electronic.documents@eddmail.usaa.com	1842	null	null
john.edmiston@wsj.com	1843	null	null
john.edmiston@dowjones.com	1843	null	null
tomf@calpine.com	1844	null	null
wizig'.'bobby@enron.com	1845	null	null
bobby@kobaki.com	1845	null	null
bansal@haas.berkeley.edu	1846	null	null
john.chambers@enron.com	1847	null	null
chambers.john@enron.com	1847	null	null
chambers@cisco.com	1847	null	null
amit@wharton.upenn.edu	1848	null	null
480304.126941280.1@1.americanexpress.com	1849	null	null
jmorte@tradingedge.com	1850	null	null
catsag@aol.com	1851	null	null
wmsith2@enron.com	1852	null	null
philip.andrew@stanfordalumni.org	1853	null	null
paronzon@milbank.com	1854	null	null
paronzon@millbank.com	1854	null	null
valued.client@mailman.enron.com	1855	null	null
client@admission.com	1855	null	null
valued@oconnors.ca	1855	null	null
morning25@alerts.equityalert.com	1856	null	null
anicks@utiliacorp.com	1857	null	null
anicks@utilacorp.com	1857	null	null
ccassidy@businesscouncil.com	1858	null	null
martin.kurtovich@ee.doe.gov	1859	null	null
ramabile@execlead.com	1860	null	null
bbolwerk@hotmail.com	1861	null	null
jana.favero@enron.com	1862	null	null
einagaki@eaccess.net	1863	null	null
achin@colcnr.com	1864	null	null
alanb@wutc.wa.gov	1865	null	null
jeanj@earthlink.net	1866	null	null
barrytulsa@earthlink.net	1867	null	null
kboggan@hess.com	1868	null	null
route@newjobs.com	1869	null	null
route@monster.com	1869	null	null
alden.zeitz@enron.com	1870	null	null
buckley@puc.state.pa.us	1871	null	null
buckley@enron.com	1871	null	null
sarahkeech@yahoo.com	1872	null	null
david.leatherwood@enron.com	1873	null	null
daphneco64@aol.com	1874	null	null
daphneco64@yahoo.com	1874	null	null
daphneco64@alltel.net	1874	null	null
daphneco64@bigplanet.com	1874	null	null
alleman@spot.colorado.edu	1875	null	null
briley@enron.com	1876	null	null
kmalachi@howard.edu	1877	null	null
kerri_rigsby@afcc.com	1878	null	null
cg1146@yahoo.com	1879	null	null
ddr0@pge.com	1880	null	null
ksance@swbell.net	1881	null	null
bcambr@lsuhsc.edu	1882	null	null
bcambr@lsumc.edu	1882	null	null
ddworzak@eei.org	1883	null	null
mandelker@enron.com	1884	null	null
heath.schiesser@enron.com	1885	null	null
heath@andrew.cmu.edu	1885	null	null
heath@idealab.com	1885	null	null
lgoldsch@aba.com	1886	null	null
steve.littel@enron.com	1887	null	null
borenstein@haas.berkeley.edu	1888	null	null
mswanson@raritanval.edu	1889	null	null
thill@cfbc.org	1890	null	null
christiaan.huizer@enron.com	1891	null	null
deehyc@lapros.qc.ca	1892	null	null
6cytnfth@msn.com	1893	null	null
wayne.herndon@enron.com	1894	null	null
herndon@enron.com	1894	null	null
wayne.herndon@rweamericas.com	1894	null	null
herndon@mieco.com	1894	null	null
klarson@mwe.com	1895	null	null
gborchart@elt-inc.com	1896	null	null
sports@jackpotsports.com	1897	null	null
sports@casinosports.com	1897	null	null
sports@bigwinsports.com	1897	null	null
muddywaters@hubserv.com	1898	null	null
muddywaters@hubserve.net	1898	null	null
muddywaters@hubserve.com	1898	null	null
tbockius@aol.com	1899	null	null
jmwatson@tecoenergy.com	1900	null	null
ernies.pasters@lamrc.com	1901	null	null
eva.pollard@nesanet.org	1902	null	null
eva@enron.com	1902	null	null
dating13543@163.net	1903	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.2993.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	1904	null	null
julaia901@hotmail.com	1905	null	null
'drager@enron.com	1906	null	null
haasnewswire@haas.berkeley.edu	1907	null	null
dwilli75@csc.com	1908	null	null
paul.poellinger@enron.com	1909	null	null
basswtrout613568@pacbell.net	1910	null	null
buzz.smith@enron.com	1911	null	null
b.smith@enron.com	1911	null	null
steveservais@yahoo.com	1912	null	null
deshonda.hamilton@enron.com	1913	null	null
wuelf@aol.com	1914	null	null
dleff@enron.com	1915	null	null
aschilt@pop.uh.edu	1916	null	null
gregory.lang@paulhastings.com	1917	null	null
aagrawal@haas.berkeley.edu	1918	null	null
aagrawal@cba.ua.edu	1918	null	null
e25717@personal.ro	1919	null	null
andrew.ilnycky@enron.com	1920	null	null
'ilnycky@enron.com	1920	null	null
phyllis.kennedy@enron.com	1921	null	null
kennedy@enron.com	1921	null	null
betty.coneway@enron.com	1922	null	null
prc1960@aol.com	1923	null	null
nancy.hetrick@enron.com	1924	null	null
nancy@resources.ca.gov	1924	null	null
nancy@newcapitolsolutions.com	1924	null	null
nancy@enron.com	1924	null	null
40newpower@enron.com	1925	null	null
josephstanislaw@cera.com	1926	null	null
ramind@flash.net	1927	null	null
database.uk@terrmail3.terrapinn.com	1928	null	null
database@isda.org	1928	null	null
uk@news.lastminute.com	1928	null	null
community-relations@enron.com	1929	null	null
community.relations@enron.com	1929	null	null
community_relations@enron.com	1929	null	null
pat.downey@enron.com	1930	null	null
downey@uwplatt.edu	1930	null	null
colin.poon@enron.com	1931	null	null
buodh@private.21cn.com	1932	null	null
enron.states@enron.com	1933	null	null
sergesketter.angie@enron.com	1934	null	null
angie@enron.com	1934	null	null
'angie'@enron.com	1934	null	null
angie@nerc.com	1934	null	null
xpoh@msn.com	1935	null	null
ramona.rodriguez@enron.com	1936	null	null
tracy.wright@enron.com	1937	null	null
patricia.m.hendrix@uth.tmc.edu	1938	null	null
dejoun.windless@enron.com	1939	null	null
wc4.houston@fbi.gov	1940	null	null
jfzunic@hillmanco.com	1941	null	null
seanbunk@akllp.com	1942	null	null
seanbunk@andrews-kurth.com	1942	null	null
ab18@vol.vnn.vn	1943	null	null
blackman.clark@enron.com	1944	null	null
assist.53@dns.wintan.com.tw	1945	null	null
pfranz@lehman.com	1946	null	null
drewbeckman@hotmail.com	1947	null	null
jyarak@mti.sgi.com	1948	null	null
jparker@haas.berkeley.edu	1949	null	null
jparker@dentsply.com	1949	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.95585@joinmail.ccbn.com	1950	null	null
save@eastwayfordsales.com	1951	null	null
seareel@stpaulshouston.org	1952	null	null
seareel@neosoft.com	1952	null	null
steven.matthews@ubspw.com	1953	null	null
steven.matthews@ubspainewebber.com	1953	null	null
rjs@suelthauswalsh.com	1954	null	null
mike.ames@enron.com	1955	null	null
weiszjl@bp.com	1956	null	null
mattlandy@yahoo.com	1957	null	null
nsexton@clubforgrowth.org	1958	null	null
rflemer@tweisel.com	1959	null	null
jeffery.porter@newpower.com	1960	null	null
j..porter@enron.com	1960	null	null
john.m.berkley@aexp.com	1961	null	null
pete_dalessandro@vintagetul.com	1962	null	null
barblpl@yahoo.com	1963	null	null
agcdu6@triax.com	1964	null	null
tom.dutta@enron.com	1965	null	null
ilan.caplan@enron.com	1966	null	null
uman@espeed.com	1967	null	null
uman@enron.com	1967	null	null
jeff.mcmahon@enron.com	1968	null	null
mario.de@enron.com	1969	null	null
jeremy.blachman@enron.com	1970	null	null
blachman@enron.com	1970	null	null
evanchak@hotmail.com	1971	null	null
tease@ls9.sendoutmail.com	1972	null	null
bills@enron.com	1973	null	null
russell.leach@enron.com	1974	null	null
russell@pennwell.com	1974	null	null
russell@enron.com	1974	null	null
kristide2001@yahoo.com	1975	null	null
mikef@amerex.com	1976	null	null
mikef@amerexenergy.com	1976	null	null
morrobay@energy.ca.gov	1977	null	null
john.gillenwater@ps.ge.com	1978	null	null
brcc.yf@topica.com	1979	null	null
questions@mail.jhuwash.jhu.edu	1980	null	null
questions@enron.com	1980	null	null
questions@dillards.com	1980	null	null
mark_smith@fpl.com	1981	null	null
mark.smith@enron.com	1981	null	null
wramsey@internet-fx.com	1982	null	null
m.mccullough@enron.com	1983	null	null
wowbenz@hotmail.com	1984	null	null
janet.johnson@enron.com	1985	null	null
wendy.conwell@enron.com	1986	null	null
janis.mcrae@enron.com	1987	null	null
roger.sumlin@enron.com	1988	null	null
lacrecia.davenport@enron.com	1989	null	null
maura.o'neil@enron.com	1990	null	null
neil@kelley.com	1990	null	null
neil@hrcivil.com	1990	null	null
neil@wtn.net	1990	null	null
kward1@houston.rr.com	1991	null	null
glen.devries@enron.com	1992	null	null
glen@enron.com	1992	null	null
scott.dicke@enron.com	1993	null	null
jlamprecht@ev1.net	1994	null	null
santanavj@state.gov	1995	null	null
basil.karampelas@enron.com	1996	null	null
mcgrath.dalton@enron.com	1997	null	null
dalton.mcgrath@blakes.com	1997	null	null
health-9823c6ax@emazing.com	1998	null	null
health@emazing.com	1998	null	null
my-login-request@yahoo-inc.com	1999	null	null
jwadsack@wadsack-allen.com	2000	null	null
mkeavey@lutzandcarr.com	2001	null	null
charles.ward@enron.com	2002	null	null
norm.phillips@enron.com	2003	null	null
mazars@online.ru	2004	null	null
jvulpes@banamex.com	2005	null	null
relcomm@iso-ne.com	2006	null	null
martier@cpchem.com	2007	null	null
joer@calpine.com	2008	null	null
warrickfranklin@hotmail.com	2009	null	null
dandonaldson@att.net	2010	null	null
dmyers@atlascapitalservices.com	2011	null	null
nettelton.marcu@enron.com	2012	null	null
nettelton@enron.com	2012	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_037288@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	2013	null	null
origination.portland@enron.com	2014	null	null
portland.origination@enron.com	2014	null	null
dnormark@hotmail.com	2015	null	null
commodconfirmsadmin@gs.com	2016	null	null
sheraton.kalouria@nbc.com	2017	null	null
ann.cohn@sce.com	2018	null	null
fx01@haas.berkeley.edu	2019	null	null
glen.dixon@qp.qld.gov.au	2020	null	null
rjschanz@att.net	2021	null	null
connie.corona@puc.state.tx.us	2022	null	null
debbie.perrotta@enron.com	2023	null	null
jerilyn.castillo@jpmorgan.com	2024	null	null
'garay@enron.com	2025	null	null
garay@enron.com	2025	null	null
sunil.misser@us.pwcglobal.com	2026	null	null
orange87@lb.bcentral.com	2027	null	null
kliu@redsky.com	2028	null	null
lara_karpf@aimfunds.com	2029	null	null
tiki234@mailops.com	2030	null	null
rhrabal@usa.net	2031	null	null
rhrabal@tractebelusa.com	2031	null	null
kirazoe@msn.com	2032	null	null
danny.yee@sap.com	2033	null	null
rtbrain@mindspring.com	2034	null	null
psellers@telephia.com	2035	null	null
psellers@haas.berkeley.edu	2035	null	null
psellers@pacbell.net	2035	null	null
psellers@pacbell.com	2035	null	null
psellers@hotmail.com	2035	null	null
'mountford@enron.com	2036	null	null
trimlife.weight.loss-return-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-274@mta10.optamail.com	2037	null	null
return@shareholderfraud.net	2037	null	null
irma.fuentes@enron.com	2038	null	null
mteisan@aol.com	2039	null	null
darron.c.giron@enron.net	2040	null	null
darron.giron@enron.com	2040	null	null
darron.c.giron@enron.com	2040	null	null
c..giron@enron.com	2040	null	null
afifi@haas.berkeley.edu	2041	null	null
ronnie.morse@enron.com	2042	null	null
ronnie@enron.com	2042	null	null
mikeh@calpine.com	2043	null	null
christine.stokes@enron.com	2044	null	null
christine.stokes@hotmail.com	2044	null	null
losullivan@isda.org	2045	null	null
stephanie.lecureaux@coastalcorp.com	2046	null	null
ayueh@hotmail.com	2047	null	null
nesa.staff@nesanet.org	2048	null	null
staff@energyjobsnetwork.com	2048	null	null
staff@nesanet.org	2048	null	null
staff@haas.berkeley.edu	2048	null	null
staff@maininc.org	2048	null	null
carl.fischer@ukakzonobel.com	2049	null	null
carl.fischer@uk.akzonobel.com	2049	null	null
apalizzi@yahoo.com	2050	null	null
sydaw@k.ro	2051	null	null
bill.sims@enron.com	2052	null	null
cltt6wefttofn@hotmail.com	2053	null	null
freeze@optinglobal.com	2054	null	null
freeze@teamfreeze.com	2054	null	null
david.pumphrey@hq.doe.gov	2055	null	null
caroll2506@aol.com	2056	null	null
cmoll@loomisfargo.com	2057	null	null
lorraine.filomeno@enron.com	2058	null	null
lorraine@enron.com	2058	null	null
lauraammon@linkline.com	2059	null	null
linda.mcnamee@enron.com	2060	null	null
rodney.faldyn@enron.com	2061	null	null
rodney@island.com	2061	null	null
jglass@northelginteleport.com	2062	null	null
jglass@mmind.net	2062	null	null
ken.board@enron.com	2063	null	null
ken@enron.com	2063	null	null
ken@kdscommunications.com	2063	null	null
board@isda.org	2063	null	null
hhenderson@nhtfw.coolsend.com	2064	null	null
pam.wilson@enron.com	2065	null	null
pam@enron.com	2065	null	null
kwampa01@yahoo.com	2066	null	null
craigfleishman@sunsetimports.com	2067	null	null
biggestbuddha9@hotmail.com	2068	null	null
dkenne@houston.rr.com	2069	null	null
rapsak@computron.com	2070	null	null
rapsak@computron.net	2070	null	null
kggruhl@griffithenergyproject.com	2071	null	null
kggruhl@duke-energy.com	2071	null	null
10feg1hod26@msn.com	2072	null	null
marcos.perez@enron.com	2073	null	null
rsmith@caiso.com	2074	null	null
thomas.callaghan@enron.com	2075	null	null
kkeuter@ftenergy.com	2076	null	null
ulrich.johnny@enron.com	2077	null	null
r-3-728387-3217638-2-3294-us2-9cb39b5d@xmr3.com	2078	null	null
shakira.hosein@enron.com	2079	null	null
kudym@enron.com	2080	null	null
paula.hix@enron.com	2081	null	null
adrian.woolcock@enron.com	2082	null	null
greg.brazaitis@enron.com	2083	null	null
jab@wincrest.com	2084	null	null
jtt@jtrotter.com	2085	null	null
jtt@jttrotter.com	2085	null	null
michael.sweeney@troutmansanders.com	2086	null	null
kbparker@tecoenergy.com	2087	null	null
keith.clark@enron.com	2088	null	null
john.powers@americas.bnpparibas.com	2089	null	null
trichardson@nlf-law.com	2090	null	null
pbragan@luntz.com	2091	null	null
david.kantenberger@enron.com	2092	null	null
stephen.lowe@enron.com	2093	null	null
andrea.calo@enron.com	2094	null	null
dale.onrait@rbcinvestments.com	2095	null	null
dale.onrait@rbc.com	2095	null	null
jones.dan@enron.com	2096	null	null
d..jones@enron.com	2096	null	null
bsims@velaw.com	2097	null	null
team.beatrice-m&o@enron.com	2098	null	null
just4hams@aol.com	2099	null	null
nate.blackburn@enron.com	2100	null	null
tracie_waligura@rwr.com	2101	null	null
tony_eng@netcel360.com	2102	null	null
tony@enron.com	2102	null	null
tony@gatherco.com	2102	null	null
tony@2advanced.com	2102	null	null
tony@digitrain.com	2102	null	null
michael.l.matthews@rssmb.com	2103	null	null
michele.small@enron.com	2104	null	null
small@wrightlaw.com	2104	null	null
m.small@pecorp.com	2104	null	null
kimberly.stanley@gs.com	2105	null	null
gcloss@commonwealthclub.org	2106	null	null
kaheinz@seiworldwide.com	2107	null	null
emimien@columbiaenergygroup.com	2108	null	null
sharon.k.smith@arthurandersen.com	2109	null	null
sharon.k.smith@us.andersen.com	2109	null	null
sharon.k.smith@us.arthurandersen.com	2109	null	null
sharon.smith@enron.com	2109	null	null
afternoon19@alerts.equityalert.com	2110	null	null
tim.proffitt@enron.com	2111	null	null
'proffitt@enron.com	2111	null	null
domestications@domestications.com	2112	null	null
distribution@pira.com	2113	null	null
distribution@enron.com	2113	null	null
distribution@caem.org	2113	null	null
carolyn.wedel@enron.com	2114	null	null
wedel.carolyn@enron.com	2114	null	null
winfreestuff.ue.x9416.j28451406@ixs1.net	2115	null	null
steve.spar@enron.com	2116	null	null
thomas.engel@enron.com	2117	null	null
engel@haas.berkeley.edu	2117	null	null
woody.kim@enron.com	2118	null	null
brian.ahern@enron.com	2119	null	null
pehlivanova@sugar-land.oilfield.slb.com	2120	null	null
mark.a.guinn@bankofamerica.com	2121	null	null
siim@obs.ee	2122	null	null
jody.blackburn@enron.com	2123	null	null
mark.kinkead@enron.com	2124	null	null
adwelch@aol.com	2125	null	null
enron.committee@enron.com	2126	null	null
enron.commitee@enron.com	2127	null	null
'flack@enron.com	2128	null	null
flack@copn.com	2128	null	null
flack@enron.com	2128	null	null
my-register@yahoo-inc.com	2129	null	null
register@tdh.state.tx.us	2129	null	null
register@ms150.org	2129	null	null
register@washingtonpost.com	2129	null	null
register@wesc.org	2129	null	null
register@newmn-r1.blue.aol.com	2129	null	null
register@newmn-d1.blue.aol.com	2129	null	null
lhunt@sidley.com	2130	null	null
lhunt@reliant.com	2130	null	null
chris.walker@enron.com	2131	null	null
cindy.justice@enron.com	2132	null	null
jevazquez32@aol.com	2133	null	null
annelaurance@mediaone.net	2134	null	null
openmail@interestingemail.com	2135	null	null
faith.a.edwards@marshmc.com	2136	null	null
malcolm.adkins@enron.com	2137	null	null
jo.kelsey@enron.com	2138	null	null
janet.cones@enron.com	2139	null	null
jose.marquez@enron.com	2140	null	null
jose@sternstewart.com	2140	null	null
jose@enron.com	2140	null	null
gavin.russo@enron.com	2141	null	null
russo@enron.com	2141	null	null
randa.karkour@compaq.com	2142	null	null
nicole.kraiza@fea.com	2143	null	null
abush@arpartners.com	2144	null	null
norm.thompson@nortom.com	2145	null	null
kbishop@bracepatt.com	2146	null	null
karen.heathman@enron.com	2147	null	null
heathman@enron.com	2147	null	null
k..heathman@enron.com	2147	null	null
newsletter@bizsites.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@ashford.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@financialweb.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@hickoryfarms.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@sensationalbeginnings.net	2148	null	null
newsletter@paperloop.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@fastfreenews.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@capitalone.bfi0.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@emode.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@quickinspirations.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@newsletter.worldwildlife.org	2148	null	null
newsletter@fincad.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@sportingbetusa.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@integralaccess.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@edgar-online.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@libation.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@thevegasstrip.net	2148	null	null
newsletter@carprices.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@esxengineering.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@sbsubscriber.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@vertical.net	2148	null	null
newsletter@rigzone.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@winecommune.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@nakedwomansex.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@sunfinder.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@lists.houstonpress.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@netradio.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@staff.vault.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@nextag.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@sportadvisor.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@ofoto.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@lonestarmusic.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@artnet.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@pussylickingcunts.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@investorama.com	2148	null	null
newsletter@chron-news.com	2148	null	null
cgoering@nyiso.com	2149	null	null
lee.carrier@enron.com	2150	null	null
alexb09@aol.com	2151	null	null
ruscitti.lisa@enron.com	2152	null	null
aviblack@yahoo.com	2153	null	null
brianc@saltgrass.com	2154	null	null
brianc@enron.com	2154	null	null
brianc@miami.edu	2154	null	null
brianc@nethouston.com	2154	null	null
pamela.chambers@enron.com	2155	null	null
kevin_cameron@sealand.com	2156	null	null
cameron@iwanto.com	2156	null	null
cameron@enron.com	2156	null	null
'cameron@enron.com	2156	null	null
cameron@perfect.com	2156	null	null
rshikoh@dialogos.com	2157	null	null
eesdaigle@enron.com	2158	null	null
joe.bucio@enron.com	2159	null	null
adib@enron.com	2160	null	null
rongay@msn.com	2161	null	null
rongay@email.msn.com	2161	null	null
b_sting91@excite.com	2162	null	null
genia@enron.com	2163	null	null
janor7374@yahoo.com	2164	null	null
wine_enthusiast_1.um.a.5.6@webmail.wineenthusiast.net	2165	null	null
wine@haas.berkeley.edu	2165	null	null
wine@bassins.com	2165	null	null
barton.clark@enron.com	2166	null	null
jea.kenney@prudential.com	2167	null	null
services.enron@enron.com	2168	null	null
enron.services@enron.com	2168	null	null
services@vestec.com	2168	null	null
8886424977@pagenetmessage.net	2169	null	null
evite@enron.com	2170	null	null
mvogt@architecturalimpact.com	2171	null	null
ie1959@excitie.com	2172	null	null
sherk@ci.rocky-mount.nc.us	2173	null	null
inbound-guide.121300a@imp.enlist.com	2174	null	null
1800flowers.23274514@s2u2.com	2175	null	null
steven.roselius@enron.com	2176	null	null
velma.gallant@blakes.com	2177	null	null
bdailey@milbank.com	2178	null	null
'halperin@enron.com	2179	null	null
halperin@rff.org	2179	null	null
theaker@enron.com	2180	null	null
sgabriel@eng.umd.edu	2181	null	null
cwlipke@czn.com	2182	null	null
dustin.raiford@joemyersforddirect.com	2183	null	null
expediafaretracker_028504@expedia.customer-email.com	2184	null	null
lpearson@tenaska.com	2185	null	null
asmani".'"bhattacharya@enron.com	2186	null	null
bhattacharya@enron.com	2186	null	null
nickens@copn.com	2187	null	null
nickens@enron.com	2187	null	null
joel.mack@lw.com	2188	null	null
mack@enron.com	2188	null	null
'mack@enron.com	2188	null	null
mack@orci.com	2188	null	null
l..eisenstein@enron.com	2189	null	null
rebecca.griffin@enron.com	2190	null	null
brad.snyder@enron.com	2191	null	null
brad@gcchem.com	2191	null	null
snyder@enron.com	2191	null	null
brad@drillmax.com	2191	null	null
snyder@hdlegal.com	2191	null	null
brad@enron.com	2191	null	null
voinorml@bp.com	2192	null	null
jay.dudley@enron.com	2193	null	null
dudley@ceimail.com	2193	null	null
jay_dudley@pgn.com	2193	null	null
bruce_oakley@justex.net	2194	null	null
acullen@firstcallassociates.com	2195	null	null
elizabeth.ivers@enron.com	2196	null	null
khadiza.uddin@enron.com	2197	null	null
joe.connor@enron.com	2198	null	null
bounce@u2.com	2199	null	null
bounce@corp.freerealtime.com	2199	null	null
freyd.rad@enron.com	2200	null	null
findout@neo1.neotraffix.com	2201	null	null
rpastore@mcgi.com	2202	null	null
rpastore@aerienetworks.com	2202	null	null
jeffshankman@hotmail.com	2203	null	null
jeffshankman@aol.com	2203	null	null
tcooperlove@aol.com	2204	null	null
shirley_howey@velocitymail.com	2205	null	null
shirley@aigfpc.com	2205	null	null
shirley@brownjordan.usa.com	2205	null	null
jaihawker@yahoo.com	2206	null	null
jaihawker@hotmail.com	2206	null	null
ronald.pantin@enron.com	2207	null	null
murray.hq3.em4.jim@enron.com	2208	null	null
jim.murray@enron.com	2208	null	null
j3bnm6wafza@hotmail.com	2209	null	null
8772374503@pagenetmessage.net	2210	null	null
8772374503@pagemetmessage.net	2210	null	null
dsjames@tribune.com	2211	null	null
dhardy@mwe.com	2212	null	null
dhardy@enron.com	2212	null	null
newsletter_ps@fun.playsite.com	2213	null	null
earl.bouse@hansonamerica.com	2214	null	null
'bouse@enron.com	2214	null	null
35c8e1ed-e94847b3-8625654c-6c91b8@enron.com	2215	null	null
kfleuriot@hou.projectconsulting.com	2216	null	null
mike.balduzzi@vynpc.com	2217	null	null
balduzzi@enron.com	2217	null	null
markmatt1652@yahoo.com	2218	null	null
rubertone@enron.com	2219	null	null
anthony.leitner@gs.com	2220	null	null
edward.gottlob@enron.com	2221	null	null
rrosenberg@belcooilgas.com	2222	null	null
julia.h.chin@enron.com	2223	null	null
julia.chin@enron.com	2223	null	null
chin@haas.berkeley.edu	2223	null	null
h..chin@enron.com	2223	null	null
ph@admis.com	2224	null	null
jennifer.brockwell@enron.com	2225	null	null
olland"@zenith.howellcorp.com."aline@enron.com	2226	null	null
joseph.adams@enron.com	2227	null	null
demetrios.fotiou@enron.com	2228	null	null
demetrios'.'fotiou@enron.com	2228	null	null
demetrios.fotiou@bchydro.bc.ca	2228	null	null
demetrios.fotiou@powerex.com	2228	null	null
mblanco@calpine.com	2229	null	null
mblanco@dpw.com	2229	null	null
eman@direcpc.com	2230	null	null
turktalk@aol.com	2231	null	null
wirelessusers@haas.berkeley.edu	2232	null	null
ryan.sims@enron.com	2233	null	null
gtom@socalgas.com	2234	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.106@post.intellimedia.com	2235	null	null
corp.admin@enron.com	2236	null	null
signed.bidders@cgc.enbridge.com	2237	null	null
bidders@cgc.enbridge.com	2237	null	null
haasnews@haas.berkeley.edu	2238	null	null
esaltmarsh@eob.ca.gov	2239	null	null
burdenbm@bp.com	2240	null	null
edward.baughman@enron.com	2241	null	null
kfku@dynegy.com	2242	null	null
susan.brower@enron.com	2243	null	null
sam.barganier@bakernet.com	2244	null	null
barganier@enron.com	2244	null	null
sam@samumaria.com	2244	null	null
'norcini@enron.com	2245	null	null
kelly.carrington@enron.com	2246	null	null
ack@a-klaw.com	2247	null	null
ack@aelaw.com	2247	null	null
ellen.mary@enron.com	2248	null	null
danny.foster@enron.com	2249	null	null
scott.franck@enron.com	2250	null	null
sedavis@duke-energy.com	2251	null	null
regional.managers@enron.com	2252	null	null
timothy.detmering@enron.com	2253	null	null
ngus@tonto.eia.doe.gov	2254	null	null
rightworks@rightworks.rsvp0.net	2255	null	null
john.king@enron.com	2256	null	null
elizabeth.hutchinson@enron.com	2257	null	null
kristi.anderson@enron.com	2258	null	null
kristi@enron.com	2258	null	null
ian.howells@documentum.com	2259	null	null
ian@isanderson.com	2259	null	null
kysa.alport@enron.com	2260	null	null
kysa'.'alport@enron.com	2260	null	null
ecenter@williams.com	2261	null	null
ecenter@energynewslive.com	2261	null	null
jpeaceimagine@aol.com	2262	null	null
wpaul@asarco.com	2263	null	null
enron.everyone_et&s_houston@enron.com	2264	null	null
eott.employees@enron.com	2265	null	null
eott_employees@eott.com	2265	null	null
eott@eott.com	2265	null	null
fowlkes.maco@enron.com	2266	null	null
'maco.fowlkes@enron.com	2266	null	null
tblancha@enron.com	2267	null	null
customercare@merckmedco.com	2268	null	null
customercare@storybookheirlooms.com	2268	null	null
customercare@fitrx.com	2268	null	null
customercare@match.com	2268	null	null
customercare@customercenter.net	2268	null	null
etradeservice@etrade.0mm.com	2269	null	null
b_brigges@br-inc.com	2270	null	null
amkilpat@southernco.com	2271	null	null
benjamin.parsons@enron.com	2272	null	null
newsletterdistributionlist@milchev.com	2273	null	null
jdreskin@ingaa.org	2274	null	null
randall.osteen@constellation.com	2275	null	null
osteen@enron.com	2275	null	null
randall.osteen@powersrc.com	2275	null	null
guido.caranti@enron.com	2276	null	null
lcampbel@alau.com	2277	null	null
lcampbel@enron.com	2277	null	null
lcampbel@abilene.com	2277	null	null
lcampbel@epix.net	2277	null	null
lcampbel@ect.enron.com	2277	null	null
lcampbel@alaska.net	2277	null	null
david.lund@nepco.com	2278	null	null
david.lund@enron.com	2278	null	null
cnet-news@two.digital.cnet.com	2279	null	null
cnet_news@two.digital.cnet.com	2279	null	null
team.beaver-plant@enron.com	2280	null	null
california.affairs@enron.com	2281	null	null
california@enron.com	2281	null	null
dow.jones.newswiresnewswires@dowjones.com	2282	null	null
.dow@enron.com	2282	null	null
michelle.yee@enron.com	2283	null	null
srogers@jamcracker.com	2284	null	null
rheilman@duke-energy.com	2285	null	null
jstober@hotmail.com	2286	null	null
trent@enron.com	2287	null	null
bounce-ejournal-255481@lists.michbar.org	2288	null	null
ejournal@lists.inherent.com	2288	null	null
ejournal@lists.michbar.org	2288	null	null
dparish@trigon-sheehan.com	2289	null	null
dtribble@pillsburywinthrop.com	2290	null	null
rosef@icbi.co.uk	2291	null	null
kmills@cfbf.com	2292	null	null
smu-betas@egroups.com	2293	null	null
smu-betas@yahoogroups.com	2293	null	null
mmaddox@cera.com	2294	null	null
mmaddox@pdq.net	2294	null	null
bravermansc@bipc.com	2295	null	null
stephen.haratunian@enron.com	2296	null	null
haratunian@enron.com	2296	null	null
stephen.haratunian@csfb.com	2296	null	null
karen.phillips@enron.com	2297	null	null
karen.phillips@fxall.com	2297	null	null
shieldsenron@aol.com	2298	null	null
espnnews_gen1@espn.go.com	2299	null	null
espnnews@espn.go.com	2299	null	null
neil.jackson@enron.com	2300	null	null
pikes@epenergy.com	2301	null	null
offers@rightstart.com	2302	null	null
offers@jpmailer.com	2302	null	null
offers@earningswhispers.net	2302	null	null
offers@stockselector.com	2302	null	null
offers@capitalone.m0.net	2302	null	null
offers@mail.gravitydirect.net	2302	null	null
s..dutton@enron.com	2303	null	null
ann.hill@enron.com	2304	null	null
hill@bspmlaw.com	2304	null	null
hill@statoil.com	2304	null	null
hill@enron.com	2304	null	null
quicknewsmail@cnn.com	2305	null	null
awinans@njresources.com	2306	null	null
francesca.beveridge@dowjones.com	2307	null	null
tklight@aep.com	2308	null	null
savala@enron.com	2309	null	null
nhpark@sk-enron.com	2310	null	null
ben.f.jacoby@enron.com	2311	null	null
ben.jacoby@enron.com	2311	null	null
almrud@swbell.net	2312	null	null
amcdonal@eanes.k12.tx.us	2313	null	null
mxh@crai.com	2314	null	null
richard.rusk@enron.com	2315	null	null
luiz.maurer@enron.com	2316	null	null
luiz'.'maurer@enron.com	2316	null	null
michael.beyer@enron.com	2317	null	null
keith.marlow@enron.com	2318	null	null
woita.glen@enron.com	2319	null	null
m.rajgopal@enron.com	2320	null	null
john.boguslawski@enron.com	2321	null	null
boguslawski@enron.com	2321	null	null
john.boguslawski@vynpc.com	2321	null	null
watson.jerry@enron.com	2322	null	null
jerry@enron.com	2322	null	null
jerry@paid4survey.net	2322	null	null
jerry@texas1031.com	2322	null	null
altom.daniel@enron.com	2323	null	null
altom'.'daniel@enron.com	2323	null	null
renee.ratcliff@enron.com	2324	null	null
michael.brobst@enron.com	2325	null	null
michelle_m_willis@reliantenergy.com	2326	null	null
ainslie'.'ruth@enron.com	2327	null	null
ainslie.ruth@enron.com	2327	null	null
randel.dalgleish@enron.com	2328	null	null
kneese@regis.edu	2329	null	null
bjmackaysmith@hotmail.com	2330	null	null
bobaymon@aol.com	2331	null	null
hunt@enron.com	2332	null	null
oriana.gargiulo@premconf.com	2333	null	null
jonathan.bram@csfb.com	2334	null	null
michele.a.giusiana@boeing.com	2335	null	null
brian.swinford@enron.com	2336	null	null
cabrams@enron.com	2337	null	null
perry.parthasarathy@jacobs.com	2338	null	null
parthasarathy@enron.com	2338	null	null
scippa@petris.com	2339	null	null
togrady@utilicorp.com	2340	null	null
1n776p@msn.com	2341	null	null
stephanie.miller@enron.com	2342	null	null
david.gorte@enron.com	2343	null	null
tradex702@earthlink.net	2344	null	null
akht1sjzvc@msn.com	2345	null	null
chip.carver@gs.com	2346	null	null
chip@enron.com	2346	null	null
rausser@nature.berkeley.edu	2347	null	null
dcarroll@dbsr.com	2348	null	null
joyce.harlan@enron.com	2349	null	null
fnamjou@energy.state.ca.us	2350	null	null
syw1@pge.com	2351	null	null
agregorich@asarco.com	2352	null	null
michael.frazier@enron.com	2353	null	null
frazier@enron.com	2353	null	null
expedia.com_009012@expedia.customer-email.com	2354	null	null
rcdn20011201@ombramarketing.com	2355	null	null
angel.backes@la-z-boy.com	2356	null	null
angel@enron.com	2356	null	null
angel@shollandco.com	2356	null	null
adam.stevens@enron.com	2357	null	null
bkuchar@nicor.com	2358	null	null
mary.lessor@enron.com	2359	null	null
msteffes@mindspring.com	2360	null	null
anny.page@reliant.com	2361	null	null
lynnewriter@rcn.com	2362	null	null
king.terry@enron.com	2363	null	null
all.above@enron.com	2364	null	null
eric.miller@csfb.com	2365	null	null
stedf@andrews-kurth.com	2366	null	null
universalcardservices@universalcard.m0.net	2367	null	null
mark.koenig@enron.com	2368	null	null
stephen.burns@enron.com	2369	null	null
robert.johnson@enron.com	2370	null	null
robert.johnson@swgas.com	2370	null	null
'gold@enron.com	2371	null	null
alexandra@enron.com	2372	null	null
alexandra@tgharchs.com	2372	null	null
grace.kim@enron.com	2373	null	null
janet.place@enron.com	2374	null	null
ruth.lancaster@enron.com	2375	null	null
'.''lenny@enron.com	2376	null	null
aygconstr@earthlink.net	2377	null	null
pamela.prisco@constellation.com	2378	null	null
lennyhande@cs.com	2379	null	null
carries@tradefairgroup.com	2380	null	null
mlenhart@ev1.net	2381	null	null
mlenhart@juno.com	2381	null	null
mlenhart@notes.enron.com	2381	null	null
mlenhart@medicine.nodak.edu	2381	null	null
mlenhart@houston.rr.com	2381	null	null
mlenhart@alltel.net	2381	null	null
mlenhart@enron.com	2381	null	null
mlenhart@ect.enron.com	2381	null	null
lisa.assaf@enron.com	2382	null	null
bethrippetoe@cogentrix.com	2383	null	null
bill.anderson@enron.com	2384	null	null
risk-ny@email.msn.com	2385	null	null
risk-ny@msn.com	2385	null	null
powerindex@list.intcx.com	2386	null	null
scott.reblitz@enron.com	2387	null	null
ssouth@ect.enron.com	2388	null	null
linda.o.norman@us.arthurandersen.com	2389	null	null
linda.o.norman@us.andersen.com	2389	null	null
linda.norman@enron.com	2389	null	null
zangeles@sempra.com	2390	null	null
federico.haeussler@enron.com	2391	null	null
horn.brian@enron.com	2392	null	null
bill.kyle@enron.com	2393	null	null
kyle@mountainsplains.org	2393	null	null
mike.keeling@edex.edwards.af.mil	2394	null	null
schwerdtfegerm@kindermorgan.com	2395	null	null
skrein@csc.com	2396	null	null
bill.law@nhmccd.edu	2397	null	null
labrams@aigi.com	2398	null	null
lund'.'randy@enron.com	2399	null	null
counsel.dave@enron.com	2400	null	null
dave@enron.com	2400	null	null
dave@uamps.com	2400	null	null
pharm_964@hanimail.com	2401	null	null
fciani@nyiso.com	2402	null	null
dirk.dimitry@enron.com	2403	null	null
pkdaigle@neosoft.com	2404	null	null
vanstone@rice.edu	2405	null	null
cwatts3@houston.rr.com	2406	null	null
jwallace@energen.com	2407	null	null
jwallace@jhancock.com	2407	null	null
jwallace@baconwallace.com	2407	null	null
mmcfarling@andrews-kurth.com	2408	null	null
richardson@enron.com	2409	null	null
richardson@copn.com	2409	null	null
'richardson@enron.com	2409	null	null
riles@ultracomputer.com	2410	null	null
tracy.prater@enron.com	2411	null	null
lrgroff@aep.com	2412	null	null
mailorder@rejuvenation.com	2413	null	null
dlacen@pnm.com	2414	null	null
david.roensch@enron.com	2415	null	null
taylr@andrews-kurth.com	2416	null	null
rkenned@rbcds.com	2417	null	null
tagates@thelinkpartners.com	2418	null	null
cindy.stokes@enron.com	2419	null	null
tschmehl@nyiso.com	2420	null	null
cluce@improvenow.com	2421	null	null
w.dangerfield@thehiringspot.com	2422	null	null
w.dangerfield@deaus.com	2422	null	null
aespinosa@gerencia.cmpc.cl	2423	null	null
sanjeev.karkhanis@ubs.com	2424	null	null
sanjeev.karkhanis@ubsw.com	2424	null	null
hans_kast@kindermorgan.com	2425	null	null
hans@etu.ucl.ac.be	2425	null	null
rebubba@t-online.de	2426	null	null
839d9422-c86e146d-86256517-749759@enron.com	2427	null	null
customers@travelnow.com	2428	null	null
customers@etrade.0mm.com	2428	null	null
woodard.jeffrey@enron.com	2429	null	null
marion.sczykutowicz@enron.com	2430	null	null
cathy.deleonardis@enron.com	2431	null	null
ereames@capu.net	2432	null	null
pys@morrownet.net	2433	null	null
pys@enron.com	2433	null	null
pys@peidmontyouga.com	2433	null	null
pys@piedmontyoga.com	2433	null	null
pys@peidmontyoga.com	2433	null	null
gelliott@clds.net	2434	null	null
gelliott@industrialinfo.com	2434	null	null
aberm@montreuxenergy.com	2435	null	null
francisco.dl-san@enron.com	2436	null	null
francisco@mailboy.enron.com	2436	null	null
francisco@aoc-aes.com	2436	null	null
sbeacom@mcsheaco.com	2437	null	null
jonathan.melrose@simmons-simmons.com	2438	null	null
crawfl@tcwgroup.com	2439	null	null
alliance@eei.org	2440	null	null
alliance@ruf.rice.edu	2440	null	null
avantgo.wsjcom@dowjones.com	2441	null	null
dwp9@pge.com	2442	null	null
endo@enron.com	2443	null	null
'endo@enron.com	2443	null	null
klauberg.john@enron.com	2444	null	null
john.klauberg@llgm.com	2444	null	null
john.klauberg@enron.com	2444	null	null
joy.oliver@enron.com	2445	null	null
oliver@risk.co.uk	2445	null	null
joy@haas.berkeley.edu	2445	null	null
oliver@enron.com	2445	null	null
keko-prs@irjgroup.co.jp	2446	null	null
petition.dl-enron@enron.com	2447	null	null
gtrivino@hess.com	2448	null	null
jmisteli@aol.com	2449	null	null
karen.kuhfeldt@enron.com	2450	null	null
orderreceipt@hbsp.harvard.edu	2451	null	null
ruth.concannon@enron.com	2452	null	null
concannon@enron.com	2452	null	null
gtrr99i@yahoo.com	2453	null	null
alexander.athena@enron.com	2454	null	null
athena.alexander@cwt.com	2454	null	null
athena.alexander@enron.com	2454	null	null
athena@enron.com	2454	null	null
forbes.lynn@enron.com	2455	null	null
forbes@uunet.uu.net	2455	null	null
forbes@wd11.com	2455	null	null
rmrsecur@warmr.net	2456	null	null
jboyle@cysive.com	2457	null	null
hippshipp@aol.com	2458	null	null
kelly.holman@enron.com	2459	null	null
james.ledlow@enron.com	2460	null	null
dcarey1@txu.com	2461	null	null
zamansky.steve@enron.com	2462	null	null
wilkerson'.'donna@enron.com	2463	null	null
comnes@alan.comnes	2464	null	null
tavridaqueen@yahoo.com	2465	null	null
marianne.arake@enron.com	2466	null	null
trytb910@msn.com	2467	null	null
mdennison@sdlintl.com	2468	null	null
sarah.edwards@enron.com	2469	null	null
vjw@greenpower.org	2470	null	null
vjw@cleanpower.org	2470	null	null
vjw@ceert.org	2470	null	null
matt.meinel@ubsw.com	2471	null	null
matt.meinel@enron.com	2471	null	null
esaemwslide@hotmail.com	2472	null	null
scott.goebel@ci.austin.tx.us	2473	null	null
qeraser@rocketmail.com	2474	null	null
dmorgan@enlineenergy.com	2475	null	null
james.haden@enron.com	2476	null	null
gopalakrishnan.subramaniam@enron.com	2477	null	null
dana.nelson@enron.com	2478	null	null
mfusco@icfconsulting.com	2479	null	null
oexchaos@peoplepc.com	2480	null	null
oexchaos@yahoo.com	2480	null	null
arif.joshi@smginc.com	2481	null	null
walter.keneally@enron.com	2482	null	null
tx-industrial-info-res@businesswire.com	2483	null	null
res@quikbook.com	2483	null	null
res@hcinternet.com	2483	null	null
sjsmith@kingwoodcable.com	2484	null	null
ndisclosed.recipients@mailman.enron.com	2485	null	null
ndisclosed.recipients@correo.telnor.com	2485	null	null
ceiinfo@uh.edu	2486	null	null
colin.strom@enron.com	2487	null	null
hallmark651@yahoo.com	2488	null	null
robert.daborn@csfb.com	2489	null	null
creditwilliams@enron.com	2490	null	null
dan.jenkins@enron.com	2491	null	null
low@mailman.enron.com	2492	null	null
shane.yelverton@enron.com	2493	null	null
zagatsurvey@news.zagat.com	2494	null	null
bill.haack@haack.com	2495	null	null
gilsmith@gilsmith.demon.co.uk	2496	null	null
gilsmith@houston.rr.com	2496	null	null
lsexton@tostevin.com	2497	null	null
cneely@dsda.com	2498	null	null
cwomack@ruf.rice.edu	2499	null	null
cwomack@rice.edu	2499	null	null
customerrelations@geico.com	2500	null	null
angela.palmieri@blockbuster.com	2501	null	null
jim.fallon@enron.com	2502	null	null
jim_fallon@enron.net	2502	null	null
fallon@enron.com	2502	null	null
kkeiser@enron.com	2503	null	null
kkeiser@ect.enron.com	2503	null	null
kkeiser@wavegate.com	2503	null	null
johnson'.'dora@enron.com	2504	null	null
ffec@dynegy.com	2505	null	null
altomczyk@wptf.org	2506	null	null
dayemkhandker@yahoo.com	2507	null	null
jmehrens@ccj-law.com	2508	null	null
kaplan@iepa.com	2509	null	null
pweems@kslaw.com	2510	null	null
gloria.wier@enron.com	2511	null	null
acaplan@fieldston.com	2512	null	null
kim.cadena@enron.com	2513	null	null
patricia.lee@enron.com	2514	null	null
office.dl-it@enron.com	2515	null	null
office@pointclicklive.net	2515	null	null
it@texasbar.com	2515	null	null
office@eapassaic.org	2515	null	null
office@ferguslex.com	2515	null	null
sarah.wynn@aexp.com	2516	null	null
smcginn@reliantenergy.com	2517	null	null
crodrig@ect.enron.com	2518	null	null
jgolden@peco-energy.com	2519	null	null
jgolden@htcomp.net	2519	null	null
robert.abernethy@enron.com	2520	null	null
bill.white@enron.com	2521	null	null
linda.j.noske@enron.com	2522	null	null
linda.noske@enron.com	2522	null	null
j..noske@enron.com	2522	null	null
victor.negrete@enron.com	2523	null	null
mgriffes@evelocity.com	2524	null	null
jfburck@prodigy.net	2525	null	null
elaine.overturf@enron.com	2526	null	null
overturf@enron.com	2526	null	null
jacywhyte@andrewagencies.com	2527	null	null
onepass_032001@airmail.continental.com	2528	null	null
davica@andrews-kurth.com	2529	null	null
greatdeals2002_905@mail.ru	2530	null	null
cheryl.marshall@enron.com	2531	null	null
marshall@uamps.com	2531	null	null
jay_galston@yahoo.com	2532	null	null
steve.wagman@ssmb.com	2533	null	null
wagman@enron.com	2533	null	null
'wagman@enron.com	2533	null	null
sburns@enron.com	2534	null	null
sburns@pecc.org	2534	null	null
isullivan@perfect.com	2535	null	null
bechtol.brent@epenergy.com	2536	null	null
brent.bechtol@enron.com	2536	null	null
agresti.michelle@enron.com	2537	null	null
lewallen.joe@enron.com	2538	null	null
mschmid@argentinc.com	2539	null	null
christine.piesco@oracle.com	2540	null	null
oash@dom.com	2541	null	null
staffingresumes@pacificorp.com	2542	null	null
rudy.dautel@enron.com	2543	null	null
ann.linnehan@pb.com	2544	null	null
enron-la@razorfish.com	2545	null	null
alishamahabir@yahoo.com	2546	null	null
aleck.dadson@ngwi.com	2547	null	null
aleck.dadson@enron.com	2547	null	null
'dadson@enron.com	2547	null	null
pjglaves@swbell.net	2548	null	null
cbrooksbank@lineone.net	2549	null	null
dhanson@dynastymotorcar.com	2550	null	null
cheryltd@tbardranch.com	2551	null	null
cheryltd@warrenelectric.com	2551	null	null
werckle@ruf.rice.edu	2552	null	null
richard.coathup@enron.com	2553	null	null
scslooptions@attglobal.net	2554	null	null
briankellyeng@aol.com	2555	null	null
annbertino@aol.com	2556	null	null
paul.fox@enron.com	2557	null	null
v&v.assistants@enron.com	2558	null	null
hal.elrod@enron.com	2559	null	null
hal@tradedays.org	2559	null	null
mark.tanner@txu.com	2560	null	null
mcook@svdp-edu.org	2561	null	null
mcook@svdp.edu	2561	null	null
mcook@svdp.edu.org	2561	null	null
mcook@svdp.org	2561	null	null
mcook@pdq.net	2561	null	null
mcook@utilicorp.com	2561	null	null
sheri.jordan@enron.com	2562	null	null
jcalaway@networkoil.com	2563	null	null
amir.menashe@enron.com	2564	null	null
karri.lehtinen@nordea.com	2565	null	null
schwabalerts.emailadmin@schwab.com	2566	null	null
pxrt@calpx.com	2567	null	null
susan.edison@enron.com	2568	null	null
edison@enron.com	2568	null	null
cs-dyck@home.com	2569	null	null
rami@forestweb.com	2570	null	null
ppmsvcmg@passport.com	2571	null	null
tfr@browndrew.com	2572	null	null
apnnjduqufckurls@msn.com	2573	null	null
henning.bruttel@dresdner-bank.com	2574	null	null
bruttel@enron.com	2574	null	null
henning.bruttel@drkw.com	2574	null	null
douglas.fuehne@enron.com	2575	null	null
msanjuan@houston.org	2576	null	null
elee@zbi.com	2577	null	null
wendy.proctor@enron.com	2578	null	null
.".'"proctor@enron.com	2578	null	null
'proctor@enron.com	2578	null	null
chj@aelaw.com	2579	null	null
lori.j.beauchamp@williams.com	2580	null	null
unknown@unknown.com	2581	null	null
llk@cpuc.ca.gov	2582	null	null
kimberly.s.olinger@enron.com	2583	null	null
kimberly.olinger@enron.com	2583	null	null
b..hearn@enron.com	2584	null	null
philip.siewert@enron.com	2585	null	null
aerozonajet@qwest.net	2586	null	null
balker@warrenelectric.com	2587	null	null
laurel@wscc.com	2588	null	null
laurel@cadvision.com	2588	null	null
casey.evans@enron.com	2589	null	null
casey@mercatorpartners.com	2589	null	null
donna.martens@enron.com	2590	null	null
enron.global.services.-.us@enron.com	2591	null	null
woy.kate@enron.com	2592	null	null
jcatanzariti@claytonutz.com.au	2593	null	null
sue.klinke@enron.com	2594	null	null
asksi@soonersillustrated.com	2595	null	null
mynews@bouncedmail.vertical.net	2596	null	null
rody.warrren@enron.com	2597	null	null
katrina.johnson@enron.com	2598	null	null
katrina@valeopower.com	2598	null	null
joseph.koothrappally@enron.com	2599	null	null
msnpromotionalert_031192@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	2600	null	null
suzannepepe@paulhastings.com	2601	null	null
kirk@enron.com	2602	null	null
kirk@cea.sfex.com	2602	null	null
kirk@klaguarta.com	2602	null	null
kirk@ceaconsulting.com	2602	null	null
jefferson.sorenson@enron.com	2603	null	null
albernita.travis@enron.com	2604	null	null
dhayes@charlesbank.com	2605	null	null
gail.tholen@enron.com	2606	null	null
gail@teleport.com	2606	null	null
gail@cibo.org	2606	null	null
brian.riley@enron.com	2607	null	null
swoasis@srpnet.com	2608	null	null
tom-jerilynn@worldnet.att.net	2609	null	null
rebecca.serwin@enron.com	2610	null	null
arader1016@msn.com	2611	null	null
shelia.benke@enron.com	2612	null	null
newsletter20011017@mail.cooking.com	2613	null	null
bryan.nixon@enron.com	2614	null	null
nraykhelson@hotmail.com	2615	null	null
arobers@entergy.com	2616	null	null
m..ware@enron.com	2617	null	null
pierce.norton@enron.com	2618	null	null
k.fitts@motorola.com	2619	null	null
counciloftheamericasny@as-coa.org	2620	null	null
christopher.mcneillie@bellsouth.com	2621	null	null
larry.loveless@enron.com	2622	null	null
bat@sshdesign.com	2623	null	null
bat@enron.com	2623	null	null
dan_cole@eott.com	2624	null	null
dan.cole@enron.com	2624	null	null
brent.tiner@enron.com	2625	null	null
morris.clark@enron.com	2626	null	null
amalmsjo@rwbeck.com	2627	null	null
nyiso_gitf@lists.nyiso.com	2628	null	null
paulf@savier.com	2629	null	null
christopher.teague@jpmorgan.com	2630	null	null
chad.corbitt@enron.com	2631	null	null
john.vollkommer@chase.com	2632	null	null
lderrick@ercot.com	2633	null	null
jeff.gale@enron.com	2634	null	null
1800flowers.96749439@s2u2.com	2635	null	null
clare.santana@gte.net	2636	null	null
santana@enron.com	2636	null	null
jorge.olivares@enron.com	2637	null	null
e-journal@mail.michbar.org	2638	null	null
gene.lockhart@enron.com	2639	null	null
lockhart@enron.com	2639	null	null
mahadev.shudeish@ev.state.az.us	2640	null	null
412161.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	2641	null	null
annemieke.slikker@enron.com	2642	null	null
snyderpm@nmenergy.com	2643	null	null
dshoup@houston.rr.com	2644	null	null
c-brock@nga.gov	2645	null	null
set2@pge.com	2646	null	null
shreve@cmu.edu	2647	null	null
shreve@andrew.cmu.edu	2647	null	null
shreve@matt.math.cmu.edu	2647	null	null
george.margoliner@enron.com	2648	null	null
ptp-announcetemp@mail.pipingtech.com	2649	null	null
juan.samudio@enron.com	2650	null	null
mdavis@wpsenergy.com	2651	null	null
wylie_goodman@mckinsey.com	2652	null	null
d..thomas@enron.com	2653	null	null
wkiechel@hbsp.harvard.edu	2654	null	null
bil_ten@addlebrain.com	2655	null	null
mbross@riskwaters.com	2656	null	null
margie.nguyen@enron.com	2657	null	null
cassell.bryan-low@wsj.com	2658	null	null
nikki.kroll@gs.com	2659	null	null
ponton.eileen@enron.com	2660	null	null
eileen@pira.com	2660	null	null
mhain@ect.enron.com	2661	null	null
mhain@iso-ne.com	2661	null	null
mhain@enron.com	2661	null	null
shrader.tom@enron.com	2662	null	null
lmueller@wrhambrecht.com	2663	null	null
jhinson@austin.rr.com	2664	null	null
jhinson@austinrr.com	2664	null	null
jhinson@wt.net	2664	null	null
leo@enron.com	2665	null	null
julius.zajda@enron.com	2666	null	null
rkim@broadbandclearinghouse.com	2667	null	null
david_paul_smith@attbi.com	2668	null	null
paul.smith@enron.com	2668	null	null
david_p_smith@hotmail.com	2668	null	null
d.smith@enron.com	2668	null	null
david.smith@enron.com	2668	null	null
d..smith@enron.com	2668	null	null
daily@iexpect.com	2669	null	null
daily@eenews.net	2669	null	null
daily@restructuringtoday.com	2669	null	null
grant.masson@enron.com	2670	null	null
masson@enron.com	2670	null	null
grant_masson@pgn.com	2670	null	null
grant.masson@elpaso.com	2670	null	null
grant_masson@ei.enron.com	2670	null	null
grant.masson.@enron.com	2670	null	null
matthew.tezyk@enron.com	2671	null	null
stierney@lexecon.com	2672	null	null
abercrombie.charles@enron.com	2673	null	null
abercrombie@enron.com	2673	null	null
alewis@ect.enron.com	2674	null	null
alewis@adobe.com	2674	null	null
alewis@indy.net	2674	null	null
alewis@enron.com	2674	null	null
alewis@daystar.com	2674	null	null
alewis@cts.com	2674	null	null
alewis@alewis.demon.co.uk	2674	null	null
alewis@infi.net	2674	null	null
daniel.p.lopez@fritolay.com	2675	null	null
custo@coair.com	2676	null	null
rgibbs@boldwaterlp.com	2677	null	null
rgibbs@gibbs-bruns.com	2677	null	null
rgibbs@btubrokers.com	2677	null	null
maryt@houston.rr.com	2678	null	null
jason.pugh@msdw.com	2679	null	null
jason.pugh@morganstanley.com	2679	null	null
francyne@comwerx.net	2680	null	null
dmitri.villevald@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	2681	null	null
marie.taylor@enron.com	2682	null	null
mike.guzman@enron.com	2683	null	null
mdobbs@kpmg.com	2684	null	null
estelle.a.lawrence@citi.com	2685	null	null
enny.helton@enron.com	2686	null	null
helton@haas.berkeley.edu	2686	null	null
gcp_houston@enron.com	2687	null	null
changes1@emailfactory.net	2688	null	null
martin_lin@enron.net	2689	null	null
martin.lin@enron.com	2689	null	null
james.wininger@enron.com	2690	null	null
james'.'w.@enron.com	2690	null	null
a_j_seremak@pro.onet.pl	2691	null	null
pyhxmrvnbpcsmexj@biggieyahoo.ca	2692	null	null
rcsumner@tva.gov	2693	null	null
mauricio.trejo@enron.com	2694	null	null
chgarne@ci.long-beach.ca.us	2695	null	null
tedtnoble@msn.com	2696	null	null
d_perrino@msn.com	2697	null	null
alan.jones@enron.com	2698	null	null
jones.a.@enron.com	2698	null	null
elizabeth.linnell@enron.com	2699	null	null
scott.c.turkington@williams.com	2700	null	null
atrowbridge@dbsr.com	2701	null	null
jgatto@aethersystems.com	2702	null	null
jgatto@aet.hersystems.com	2702	null	null
zou.cherry@travelpark.com	2703	null	null
'cherry@enron.com	2703	null	null
cherry@enron.com	2703	null	null
ken.brooks@enron.com	2704	null	null
catrina.lucero@enron.com	2705	null	null
houston.dl-crm@enron.com	2706	null	null
my1tt7sddx@msn.com	2707	null	null
brian.bierbach@enron.com	2708	null	null
yvango@hotmail.com	2709	null	null
bounce-otcjournal-1899244@lyris.otcjournal.com	2710	null	null
frank.ferris@enron.com	2711	null	null
dakini@bellatlantic.net	2712	null	null
mike_varagona@sonat.com	2713	null	null
lyris-confirm-301289q@lists.lexico.com	2714	null	null
confirm@paypal.com	2714	null	null
lyris@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	2714	null	null
lyris@lists.clubcorp.com	2714	null	null
confirm@smartmoneylist.com	2714	null	null
lyris@listserv.augusthome.com	2714	null	null
lyris@alist0.starwave.com	2714	null	null
vlewis@velaw.com	2715	null	null
gary_anthes@computerworld.com	2716	null	null
bob.black@nepco.com	2717	null	null
bob_black@cdnoxy.com	2717	null	null
crystal.reyna@corp.enron.com	2718	null	null
crystal.reyna@enron.com	2718	null	null
ndwmccary@email.msn.com	2719	null	null
gkla@dynegy.com	2720	null	null
gkla@dynagy.com	2720	null	null
angela.hylton@enron.com	2721	null	null
angela.saenz@enron.com	2722	null	null
nahou-ln9@enron.com	2723	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_north_america1@enron.com	2724	null	null
sselby007@aol.com	2725	null	null
mroll@rollintl.com	2726	null	null
j-sharkey@kellogg.nwu.edu	2727	null	null
jburt1@txu.com	2728	null	null
mschroeder@enron.co.uk	2729	null	null
mschroeder@enron.com	2729	null	null
ra6023@email.sps.mot.com	2730	null	null
bldlhance@prodigy.net	2731	null	null
laymand@gtlaw.com	2732	null	null
doctor@dictionary.com	2733	null	null
e.bulletin@schwab.com	2734	null	null
bulletin@bookcloseouts.com	2734	null	null
neil.herle@blakes.com	2735	null	null
rdezenzo@quallaby.com	2736	null	null
cathy.craven@us.cgeyc.com	2737	null	null
da8bsbqtdb@hotmail.com	2738	null	null
cris_eugster@mckinsey.com	2739	null	null
jeff.klotz@enron.com	2740	null	null
palminc_.6sy6mqmg.d@insync-palm.com	2741	null	null
wally.frank@dvn.com	2742	null	null
dcazalet@apx.com	2743	null	null
stephon.thome@enron.com	2744	null	null
s.thome@alum.mit.edu	2744	null	null
garrett.spear-smith@enron.com	2745	null	null
glenn.anderson@enron.com	2746	null	null
medonc97@aol.com	2747	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.2908.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	2748	null	null
rod1134@jubiipost.dk	2749	null	null
jarek.astramowicz@enron.com	2750	null	null
bgriss@yahoo.com	2751	null	null
andrewswhitman@aol.com	2752	null	null
anne.bike@enron.com	2753	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.107069@joinmail.ccbn.com	2754	null	null
timesheets@iconconsultants.com	2755	null	null
asheers@bear.com	2756	null	null
asheers@bear.con	2756	null	null
pete.gohm@enron.com	2757	null	null
petes@sonicfoundry.com	2758	null	null
jeremy.weinstein@pacificorp.com	2759	null	null
hlenhart@email.msn.com	2760	null	null
hlenhart@msn.com	2760	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.1427.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	2761	null	null
emarketing@teachco.com	2762	null	null
emarketing@kana.com	2762	null	null
jpiper5360@aol.com	2763	null	null
diamondg@colorado.edu	2764	null	null
law.'lindh@enron.com	2765	null	null
elizabeth.danes@capitalz.com	2766	null	null
sthompson47@hotmail.com	2767	null	null
terry.walsh@avnet.com	2768	null	null
community.dl-isc@enron.com	2769	null	null
isc@enron.com	2769	null	null
david.perlman@powersrc.com	2770	null	null
david.perlman@constellation.com	2770	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_029478@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	2771	null	null
hank.hilliard@purgit.com	2772	null	null
kjell@enron.com	2773	null	null
charles.dial@enron.com	2774	null	null
mini.pinto@reckittbenckiser.com	2775	null	null
state_of_the_world_forum@stateoftheworldforum.r-3.net	2776	null	null
gerry.gibson@enron.com	2777	null	null
gerry@questar.com	2777	null	null
debbie.fisher@enron.com	2778	null	null
vskirk@hotmail.com	2779	null	null
valeria.hope@enron.com	2780	null	null
valeria@enron.com	2780	null	null
rishi.mehta@enron.com	2781	null	null
kcowan@dynegy.com	2782	null	null
david.wall@enron.com	2783	null	null
emily.manning@mirant.com	2784	null	null
emily@enron.com	2784	null	null
susan.wimberley@enron.com	2785	null	null
mcle@texasbar.com	2786	null	null
michelle.wenz@enron.com	2787	null	null
melinda.gallishaw@enron.com	2788	null	null
mnagwani@umich.edu	2789	null	null
jimbrulte@aol.com	2790	null	null
jimbrulte@jimbrulte.com	2790	null	null
kruscitti@aol.com	2791	null	null
v.mcadoo@enron.com	2792	null	null
abaxter@qwest.net	2793	null	null
abaxter@uswest.net	2793	null	null
abaxter@houston.rr.com	2793	null	null
amy.snell@bakerbotts.com	2794	null	null
d2972@iobox.fi	2795	null	null
press.jameson@enron.com	2796	null	null
jserfontein@ampnet.co.za	2797	null	null
buci_2000@yahoo.com	2798	null	null
molly.harris@enron.com	2799	null	null
ray.volpone@enron.com	2800	null	null
ray@fanshack.com	2800	null	null
ray@enron.com	2800	null	null
ray@rff.org	2800	null	null
lowed@andrews-kurth.com	2801	null	null
leela.domingo@enron.com	2802	null	null
highpat@aol.com	2803	null	null
lcandee@nemaine.com	2804	null	null
ddf@vitol.com	2805	null	null
hbender@porterhedges.com	2806	null	null
kennethbrawner@email.msn.com	2807	null	null
kennethbrawner@mns.com	2807	null	null
kennethbrawner@msn.com	2807	null	null
randy.rippentrop@enron.com	2808	null	null
samis456@ematic.com	2809	null	null
suzy.berkey@enron.com	2810	null	null
nikmat53@aol.com	2811	null	null
jbauerlein@frontenac.com	2812	null	null
chris.kravas@enron.com	2813	null	null
bonnie71955@aol.com	2814	null	null
david.mangskau@enron.com	2815	null	null
hztj10w@msn.com	2816	null	null
maureenperea@hotmail.com	2817	null	null
vic.gatto@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	2818	null	null
lou.casari@enron.com	2819	null	null
mylasersales2@excite.com	2820	null	null
sjosey@mariner-energy.com	2821	null	null
robert.newman@enron.com	2822	null	null
robert.n@optelnow.net	2822	null	null
torourkesr@aol.com	2823	null	null
sahoecke@utmb.edu	2824	null	null
john.mccarthy@enron.com	2825	null	null
cdcboy@aol.com	2826	null	null
plg@cpuc.ca.gov	2827	null	null
julie.goodfriend@enron.com	2828	null	null
smackarnes@aol.com	2829	null	null
john.grass@enron.com	2830	null	null
john.grass@mirant.com	2830	null	null
online.player@mailman.enron.com	2831	null	null
player@mailman.enron.com	2831	null	null
tnolan@rcgroup.com	2832	null	null
bllserve@abanet.org	2833	null	null
ana.agudelo@enron.com	2834	null	null
kupczyk.debbie@enron.com	2835	null	null
scotth@amerexenergy.com	2836	null	null
ceci@gorge.net	2837	null	null
cdorland@hotmail.com	2838	null	null
ledanainc@aol.com	2839	null	null
april.weatherford@enron.com	2840	null	null
g5pg4n8@msn.com	2841	null	null
leigh.edwards@enron.com	2842	null	null
chuck.crawford@enron.com	2843	null	null
crawford@williamsonsears.com	2843	null	null
jrazguzman@rhm.com.mx	2844	null	null
beatrice.reyna@enron.com	2845	null	null
trader@mailman.enron.com	2846	null	null
trader@walterbressert.com	2846	null	null
trader@iac.net	2846	null	null
trader@mailboy.enron.com	2846	null	null
brigitta.millard@enron.com	2847	null	null
mmobpokxsbjwmckh@biggieyahoo.co.uk	2848	null	null
sarah.epstein@enron.com	2849	null	null
epstein@rice.edu	2849	null	null
epstein@enron.com	2849	null	null
310fkn6iqva@msn.com	2850	null	null
slevine@pobox.com	2851	null	null
wcade@tva.gov	2852	null	null
knovsek@columbiaenergygroup.com	2853	null	null
alexandra.cameron@merant.com	2854	null	null
european.resolution.center@enron.com	2855	null	null
european.center@enron.com	2855	null	null
sandersc@ntr.net	2856	null	null
susan.mara@enron.com	2857	null	null
mara.susan@enron.com	2857	null	null
mara@enron.com	2857	null	null
gloria.taylor@enron.com	2858	null	null
p11542@mailmij.nl	2859	null	null
dwight.gentry@enron.com	2860	null	null
gentry@enron.com	2860	null	null
mike.weaver@lw.com	2861	null	null
jeanne.fore@enron.com	2862	null	null
benjamin.markey@enron.com	2863	null	null
aida.alvarez@sba.gov	2864	null	null
awaruite@ibw.com.ni	2865	null	null
cfrankl2@enron.com	2866	null	null
bandama@ssa.co.orange.ca.us	2867	null	null
dasparado@aol.com	2868	null	null
beverly.fennessy@enron.com	2869	null	null
wi2qqy7wtu@hotmail.com	2870	null	null
c.blachut@pecorp.com	2871	null	null
lon.stanton@enron.com	2872	null	null
jujes218@aol.com	2873	null	null
andrew.conner@enron.com	2874	null	null
jennifer.grotz@prodigy.net	2875	null	null
wercvurofrew@yahoo.com	2876	null	null
dblcrx@aol.com	2877	null	null
jstachmu@kinkaid.org	2878	null	null
corpjobs1@enron.com	2879	null	null
dale.wesley@enron.com	2880	null	null
mya.johnsen@enron.com	2881	null	null
mflorio@turn.org	2882	null	null
mflorio@mail.turn.org	2882	null	null
colwell@enron.com	2883	null	null
vbuckley@lockeliddell.com	2884	null	null
fitzjerrells.victoria@enron.com	2885	null	null
victoria@enron.com	2885	null	null
mary2304@acci.gr	2886	null	null
choi.tony@enron.com	2887	null	null
bergin@enron.com	2888	null	null
'bergin@enron.com	2888	null	null
ajafry@hotmail.com	2889	null	null
dmoore21@charter.net	2890	null	null
amadeop@coned.com	2891	null	null
ampaea@earthlink.net	2892	null	null
s..presas@enron.com	2893	null	null
beckymcgee@aol.com	2894	null	null
mgrigsby@swbell.net	2895	null	null
mgrigsby@dxpe.com	2895	null	null
meh41@aol.com	2896	null	null
kmiller@nga.org	2897	null	null
coates@gilanet.com	2898	null	null
coates@keytech.com	2898	null	null
joko8674@163.net	2899	null	null
cramer.erik@enron.com	2900	null	null
erik@enron.com	2900	null	null
cramer@cadvision.com	2900	null	null
.'erik@enron.com	2900	null	null
erik@dvinci.net	2900	null	null
erik@desart.com	2900	null	null
bob.mckinney@capstone-ta.com	2901	null	null
clyde.moter@enron.com	2902	null	null
rcaw20011126@ombramarketing.com	2903	null	null
wilson.jan@enron.com	2904	null	null
"."'jan@enron.com	2904	null	null
."jan@enron.com	2904	null	null
jan.wilson@enron.com	2904	null	null
paula.rieker@enron.com	2905	null	null
maria.garcia@enron.com	2906	null	null
alp@ncpa.com	2907	null	null
piro@enron.com	2908	null	null
ahilari.houston_fannin1_po.central_dom@firstunion1.com	2909	null	null
dutch_bumgardner@dom.com	2910	null	null
dutch_bumgardner@vapower.com	2910	null	null
annette.ambriz@compaq.com	2911	null	null
.'annette@enron.com	2911	null	null
eblack@akingump.com	2912	null	null
penny.marksberry@enron.com	2913	null	null
enron.support@enron.com	2914	null	null
kkennedy@dynastymotorcar.com	2915	null	null
kkennedy@cinergy.com	2915	null	null
alain.diza@enron.com	2916	null	null
cshulock@arb.ca.gov	2917	null	null
dbrock@howard.edu	2918	null	null
andrew.haller@pacificorp.com	2919	null	null
huse@eesconsulting.com	2920	null	null
edward.daren@enron.com	2921	null	null
edward.ray@enron.com	2922	null	null
cbburrell@juno.com	2923	null	null
sherrera@tindallfoster.com	2924	null	null
newsdesk@newsfactor.com	2925	null	null
amh5h@virginia.edu	2926	null	null
amh5h@cms.mail.virginia.edu	2926	null	null
amh5h@server2.mail.virginia.edu	2926	null	null
tony.yates@enron.com	2927	null	null
robertkean.cr@worldnet.att.net	2928	null	null
preston.ochsner@enron.com	2929	null	null
wentapb@sprintmail.com	2930	null	null
wentapb@phoenix-cement.com	2930	null	null
zachary.sampson@enron.com	2931	null	null
rushingmk@surfmk.com	2932	null	null
brent.samuel@enron.com	2933	null	null
matt.davis@csfb.com	2934	null	null
matt.davis@enron.com	2934	null	null
per-ssp@swbell.net	2935	null	null
sandra.freeman@enron.com	2936	null	null
freeman@haas.berkeley.edu	2936	null	null
vuz3twcent3x@hotmail.com	2937	null	null
g@digitalducttape.com	2938	null	null
apogue@bust.com	2939	null	null
william.a.smith@elpaso.com	2940	null	null
william.smith@enron.com	2940	null	null
jcharlton@nyiso.com	2941	null	null
sherita.scott@enron.com	2942	null	null
amiser@natsource.com	2943	null	null
lynette.malone@enron.com	2944	null	null
'malone@enron.com	2944	null	null
jelvig@aol.com	2945	null	null
kdleitao@llgm.com	2946	null	null
jandfcowley@the-i.net	2947	null	null
jandfcowley@the_i.net	2947	null	null
mbecker2@mindspring.com	2948	null	null
susan.moore@enron.com	2949	null	null
andrew.s.fastow@enron.com	2950	null	null
s..fastow@enron.com	2950	null	null
andrew.fastow@ljminvestments.com	2950	null	null
andrew.fastow@enron.com	2950	null	null
dhones1969@yahoo.com	2951	null	null
baaramyoo@yahoo.com	2952	null	null
pclark@alleghenyenergy.com	2953	null	null
pclark@nymex.com	2953	null	null
matt20@wharton.upenn.edu	2954	null	null
jerry.graves@enron.com	2955	null	null
jen_and_rob@valudesk.com	2956	null	null
jen@drak.net	2956	null	null
dennis.brown@enron.com	2957	null	null
d.brown@enron.com	2957	null	null
dennis@ddecuir.com	2957	null	null
pacraddo@utmb.com	2958	null	null
dblack@ei.enron.com	2959	null	null
dblack@obgynassociates.com	2959	null	null
dblack@enron.com	2959	null	null
larry.berger@enron.com	2960	null	null
berger@tfts.tozzini.com.br	2960	null	null
nvaldes@txuenergy.com	2961	null	null
larry.pavlou@enron.com	2962	null	null
astronet@mailman.enron.com	2963	null	null
tarthur@iinvestor.net	2964	null	null
rabi.sahoo@enron.com	2965	null	null
guaro712@aol.com	2966	null	null
z.miao@enron.com	2967	null	null
bob.cook@kvaerner.com	2968	null	null
craig.johnstone@enron.com	2969	null	null
mary_trosper@pgn.com	2970	null	null
mary.trosper@enron.com	2970	null	null
dewey@deweyballantine.com	2971	null	null
np3obuab9nw@hotmail.com	2972	null	null
presidiosoftball@yahoo.com	2973	null	null
rosalinda.tijerina@enron.com	2974	null	null
gmaher@canfibreny.com	2975	null	null
passport@disc-passport.com	2976	null	null
jserio@nicor.com	2977	null	null
jserio@nivor.com	2977	null	null
clayiii4@earthlink.net	2978	null	null
trollmntn@aol.com	2979	null	null
dkadams@earthlink.net	2980	null	null
devroede@haas.berkeley.edu	2981	null	null
devroede@uppercase.xerox.com	2981	null	null
smi@marval.com.ar	2982	null	null
ashley.marynick@chase.com	2983	null	null
ashley@g1.freshgirlsonline.com	2983	null	null
ashley@enron.com	2983	null	null
l_jester@yahoo.com	2984	null	null
pamela.sonnier@enron.com	2985	null	null
bevin@enron.com	2986	null	null
portland.desk@enron.com	2987	null	null
desk.portland@enron.com	2987	null	null
stewart@ctcua.org	2988	null	null
stewart@mallia.com	2988	null	null
stewart@markwest.com	2988	null	null
moen@ihomeowner.com	2989	null	null
a..wentworth@enron.com	2990	null	null
jexner2@lsu.edu	2991	null	null
hollis.hendrickson@enron.com	2992	null	null
wulfe@enron.com	2993	null	null
teri.whitcomb@enron.com	2994	null	null
teri@igc.org	2994	null	null
chrissy@simplifiedliving.org	2995	null	null
mark.bridges@ubsw.com	2996	null	null
bridges@enron.com	2996	null	null
snunn@kslaw.com	2997	null	null
perchal@enron.com	2998	null	null
announce@ms2.lga2.nytimes.com	2999	null	null
announce@entertainment-email.com	2999	null	null
announce@highschoolalumni.com	2999	null	null
announce@inbox.nytimes.com	2999	null	null
announce@lga2.nytimes.com	2999	null	null
sdillon@lucascareers.com	3000	null	null
hkiss@bruncorp.com	3001	null	null
bguste"@enron.com	3002	null	null
ruth.mann@enron.com	3003	null	null
mcsager@mindspring.com	3004	null	null
bdchitw@ppco.com	3005	null	null
alexa.r.cutter@us.andersen.com	3006	null	null
.kimmel@enron.com	3007	null	null
kimmel@enron.com	3007	null	null
stuart.kinder@enron.com	3008	null	null
stuart@friedwire.com	3008	null	null
'kinder@enron.com	3008	null	null
decbar-request@gateway.stcl.edu	3009	null	null
decbar@gateway.stcl.edu	3009	null	null
ashackouls@hotmail.com	3010	null	null
dave.mcmullan@enron.com	3011	null	null
'mcmullan@enron.com	3011	null	null
johndorlon@aol.com	3012	null	null
dem@exchserver1.cpuc.ca.gov	3013	null	null
insynconline.6-f3k218.d@insync-palm.com	3014	null	null
caroline_tbird@yahoo.com	3015	null	null
ucftsas@ucl.ac.uk	3016	null	null
kaf410@netzero.net	3017	null	null
announcements-pppnews@paypal.com	3018	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.111446@joinmail.ccbn.com	3019	null	null
kayseebroc@aol.com	3020	null	null
sunil_deshmukh@aigi.com	3021	null	null
michele.sorensen@enron.com	3022	null	null
razz1907@hotmail.com	3023	null	null
gregatourhouse@hotmail.com	3024	null	null
angelamattoso@hotmail.com	3025	null	null
chad.gronvold@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	3026	null	null
chad.gronvold@enron.com	3026	null	null
sandforchuckie@aol.com	3027	null	null
david.woodstrom@enron.com	3028	null	null
koger.aileen@enron.com	3029	null	null
llpapayoti@aep.com	3030	null	null
grace.jackson@alz.org	3031	null	null
jim.butler@enron.com	3032	null	null
bvechols@aol.com	3033	null	null
rich.jolly@enron.com	3034	null	null
rich@pira.com	3034	null	null
jolly@enron.com	3034	null	null
tazelis@etrade.ca	3035	null	null
michelle.fortis@enron.com	3036	null	null
c_lam902@hotmail.com	3037	null	null
lucas@enron.com	3038	null	null
kcato@miami.edu	3039	null	null
debra_tiffany@yahoo.com	3040	null	null
tiffany@eubanks-architects.com	3040	null	null
dailey@enron.com	3041	null	null
smanzanales@jw.com	3042	null	null
jcrecink@csi.com	3043	null	null
hnmorris@metromediaenergy.com	3044	null	null
gzophy@yahoo.com	3045	null	null
gzophy@lakelandengineering.com	3045	null	null
elliehudson@yahoo.com	3046	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5307752-5284516-kt0bzorv@tumble2.datek.com	3047	null	null
ginger.mccain@enron.com	3048	null	null
ginger@ffcadopt.com	3048	null	null
dcarey@spencerstuart.com	3049	null	null
mark.frank@enron.com	3050	null	null
dl-ga-all_egs@enron.com	3051	null	null
ocsbill@wellsfargo.com	3052	null	null
jim.goodman@enron.com	3053	null	null
rhonda.fleming@txdps.state.tx.us	3054	null	null
'fleming@enron.com	3054	null	null
fleming@enron.com	3054	null	null
daryll.fuentes@enron.com	3055	null	null
jon.katzenbach@katzenbach.com	3056	null	null
jon@amerexenergy.com	3056	null	null
'.'jon@enron.com	3056	null	null
jon@jonfriedberg.com	3056	null	null
jon@enron.com	3056	null	null
kpempek@wdico.com	3057	null	null
thomasa@ksg.harvard.edu	3058	null	null
tbunge@texasgbc.org	3059	null	null
kkeefer@ajilon.com	3060	null	null
xuni@olin.wustl.edu	3061	null	null
natasha_marwaha@yahoo.com	3062	null	null
marcy.youngerman@enron.com	3063	null	null
abhijeet.naik@enron.com	3064	null	null
mike.harrelson@enron.com	3065	null	null
6.1125.b8-opwv_f_vx0-1hrrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	3066	null	null
kchatwin@cal.stikeman.com	3067	null	null
ootsybaby@hotmail.com	3068	null	null
teece@haas.berkeley.edu	3069	null	null
svksz@126.com	3070	null	null
yamamura.alan@enron.com	3071	null	null
ona@esp-net.com	3072	null	null
jtownse@yaoo.com	3073	null	null
jtownse@yahoo.com	3073	null	null
jtownse@enron.com	3073	null	null
megrogers_99@yahoo.com	3074	null	null
dukart.kelly@enron.com	3075	null	null
neal.gerstandt@enron.com	3076	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3995@lists.smartmoney.com	3077	null	null
gward1@txu.com	3078	null	null
melissa.mcpherson@enron.com	3079	null	null
melissa@tier1execs.com	3079	null	null
melissa@sgpr.com	3079	null	null
charne@ci.long-beach.ca.us	3080	null	null
edismail_update@incident.com	3081	null	null
edismail@incident.com	3081	null	null
update@news.sothebys.com	3081	null	null
update@listserv.dowjones.com	3081	null	null
update@briefing.com	3081	null	null
1marcfioravanti@netzero.net	3082	null	null
maryann.roman@enron.com	3083	null	null
461052.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	3084	null	null
esaver@usairways.com	3085	null	null
cynthia.govan@ferc.fed.us	3086	null	null
asy2@pge.com	3087	null	null
mjaffier@stern.nyu.edu	3088	null	null
mjaffier@exchange.stern.nyu.edu	3088	null	null
expediatraveldeals_034840@expedia.customer-email.com	3089	null	null
cbroido@mba2002.hbs.edu	3090	null	null
whatsup@1.maildb.egreetings.com	3091	null	null
whatsup@bl.egreetings.com	3091	null	null
whatsup@mail2.egreetings.com	3091	null	null
whatsup@maildb.egreetings.com	3091	null	null
anderson.tw.2@pg.com	3092	null	null
james.collins@enron.com	3093	null	null
c..james@enron.com	3093	null	null
harrisondarling@aol.com	3094	null	null
treva.muhammad@sourcenetsolutions.com	3095	null	null
cbulf@oneok.com	3096	null	null
kathie.grabstald@enron.com	3097	null	null
grabstald@enron.com	3097	null	null
kerb@houston.deepwater.com	3098	null	null
kerb@rbfalcon.com	3098	null	null
tamara.reed@enron.com	3099	null	null
reed@enron.com	3099	null	null
sharen.cason@enron.com	3100	null	null
farinacci.anthony@enron.com	3101	null	null
angela.liknes@enron.com	3102	null	null
lgttotx@main.com	3103	null	null
caroline.oeben@alumni.duke.edu	3104	null	null
v.raman@enron.com	3105	null	null
orderwatch@dell.com	3106	null	null
orderwatch@mailstorm.ols.us.dell.com	3106	null	null
steven.p.south@enron.com	3107	null	null
p..south@enron.com	3107	null	null
bonnie.damstra@ipgdirect.com	3108	null	null
pushkar.shahi@enron.com	3109	null	null
pushkar_shahi@hotmail.com	3109	null	null
payments-messages@amazon.com	3110	null	null
messages@cera.com	3110	null	null
craig.paice@enron.com	3111	null	null
michael.tribolet@enron.com	3112	null	null
tribolet@enron.com	3112	null	null
ishikawa@enron.com	3113	null	null
lou.l.pai@enron.com	3114	null	null
lou.pai@enron.com	3114	null	null
rfrank@enron.com	3115	null	null
rfrank@doil.com	3115	null	null
vishal.apte@enron.com	3116	null	null
apte@aol.com	3116	null	null
abannes@amrresearch.com	3117	null	null
setdragen@greynetwork.net	3118	null	null
csibley@caiso.com	3119	null	null
zone56@relay.iunet.it	3120	null	null
jhartwell@npcc.org	3121	null	null
lys@a-klaw.com	3122	null	null
leann.walton@enron.com	3123	null	null
kira@yahoo-inc.com	3124	null	null
scholarshipdeadlines@fastwebmail.com	3125	null	null
mjjnsn@aol.com	3126	null	null
audrey.keefer@enron.com	3127	null	null
"keefer@enron.com	3127	null	null
don.stacy@enron.com	3128	null	null
james.eaves@enron.com	3129	null	null
otto@fool.com	3130	null	null
peter.mims@enron.com	3131	null	null
peter.mims@velaw.com	3131	null	null
kristy.carnes@enron.com	3132	null	null
kristy.carnes@enroncommunications.enron.net	3132	null	null
carnes@fas.harvard.edu	3132	null	null
jack_ramsey@johncooper.org	3133	null	null
ossie@uh.edu	3134	null	null
jim.street@txu.com	3135	null	null
abbeysmather@sempra.com	3136	null	null
bsinger@rpkco.com	3137	null	null
mari.capestany@enron.com	3138	null	null
mari@rice.edu	3138	null	null
deborah_keller@edisonmission.com	3139	null	null
editor-sender@amazon.com	3140	null	null
editor@theb2bvoice.com	3140	null	null
editor@casinosweeps.com	3140	null	null
editor@hersweeps.com	3140	null	null
editor@cookingsweeps.com	3140	null	null
editor@impactpress.com	3140	null	null
hilda.akin@enron.com	3141	null	null
nikolay.kraltchev@enron.com	3142	null	null
dpincus@kpmg.com	3143	null	null
di_vincenzo_glenn@jpmorgan.com	3144	null	null
kathryn.schultea@enron.com	3145	null	null
chenault@enron.com	3146	null	null
sanjaybhatnagar00@yahoo.com	3147	null	null
ace.roman@ubsw.com	3148	null	null
ace.roman@enron.com	3148	null	null
hugh.connett@enron.com	3149	null	null
hugh@enron.com	3149	null	null
confirmations@starwoodhotels.com	3150	null	null
kathleen.croiset@enron.com	3151	null	null
rita.morales@exolink.com	3152	null	null
dean.perry@nwpp.org	3153	null	null
rich.john@enron.com	3154	null	null
dhudgens@byko.enron.com	3155	null	null
tfazio@paperloop.com	3156	null	null
joan.wagner@bus.utexas.edu	3157	null	null
joan@khoslas.com	3157	null	null
govenar.scott@enron.com	3158	null	null
jhester1@satx.rr.com	3159	null	null
rajesh.chandra@enron.com	3160	null	null
cheri@enron.com	3161	null	null
poquinn@jenkens.com	3162	null	null
rfranson@czn.com	3163	null	null
votaw.courtney@enron.com	3164	null	null
courtney.votaw@enron.com	3164	null	null
rmsling@hotmail.com	3165	null	null
hot-farealert@hotwire.m0.net	3166	null	null
p_geman@essec.fr	3167	null	null
geman@dauphine.fr	3167	null	null
_geman@essec.fr	3167	null	null
geman@essec.fr	3167	null	null
jim_crowder@enron.net	3168	null	null
jim.crowder@enron.com	3168	null	null
nick.moshou@enron.com	3169	null	null
legalt@enron.com	3170	null	null
team.spraberry@enron.com	3171	null	null
jhunter@wei.org	3172	null	null
r..weir@enron.com	3173	null	null
bstone@kinrossusa.com	3174	null	null
6.757.0a-znicpactg56oyau8uoxbt0ev3srr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	3175	null	null
awu@quinnemanuel.coml	3176	null	null
awu@quinnemanueal.com	3176	null	null
awu@quinnemanuel.com	3176	null	null
awu@qeuo.com	3176	null	null
fealert@freeedgar.com	3177	null	null
jbatakji@caiso.com	3178	null	null
rita.bianchi@enron.com	3179	null	null
jennifer.dickinson@alumni.utexas.net	3180	null	null
coats.mike@enron.com	3181	null	null
coats@enron.com	3181	null	null
jrutkows@llgm.com	3182	null	null
stewart.amanda@enron.com	3183	null	null
scrowell@us.oracle.com	3184	null	null
atrodrigues@bpa.gov	3185	null	null
rob.bakondy@enron.com	3186	null	null
meyer@enron.com	3187	null	null
'meyer@enron.com	3187	null	null
samuels@amerigas.com	3188	null	null
blahbla187@aol.com	3189	null	null
vi_dare@yahoo.com	3190	null	null
mowbray.laura@enron.com	3191	null	null
jaustin@pppc.org	3192	null	null
ldillehay@enron.com	3193	null	null
mkleinginna.wheelingpo.wheeling_domain@ormet.com	3194	null	null
domain@nbsrealtors.com	3194	null	null
martin.mary@enron.com	3195	null	null
jperdew@apbenergy.com	3196	null	null
jperdew@apbenerg.com	3196	null	null
padi@mail2.padi.com	3197	null	null
'bernstein@enron.com	3198	null	null
bernstein@enron.com	3198	null	null
greg.mathews@enron.com	3199	null	null
a..davis@enron.com	3200	null	null
lovelem@hotmail.com	3201	null	null
craig.breslau@enron.com	3202	null	null
djutrff4@yahoo.com	3203	null	null
newsbeat@forestweb.com	3204	null	null
jennifer.nguyen@enron.com	3205	null	null
tim.beldon@enron.com	3206	null	null
cheri_thomas@pgn.com	3207	null	null
cheri.thomas@enron.com	3207	null	null
j..hanson@enron.com	3208	null	null
laurie.rutherford1@ubspainewebber.com	3209	null	null
kim.perez@enron.com	3210	null	null
james.hungerford@enron.com	3211	null	null
j24707-r5689@iqmailer.net	3212	null	null
noreply@crossdaily.com	3213	null	null
noreply@fitrx.com	3213	null	null
noreply@netstock.com	3213	null	null
noreply@cnnimail9.cnn.com	3213	null	null
noreply@hotornot.com	3213	null	null
noreply@fanbuzz.com	3213	null	null
noreply@ccomad3.uu.commissioner.com	3213	null	null
noreply@postmastergeneral.com	3213	null	null
stinson_gibner@ect.enron.net	3214	null	null
stinson.gibner@enron.com	3214	null	null
gibner.stinson@enron.com	3214	null	null
gibner@enron.com	3214	null	null
carey.sloan@enron.com	3215	null	null
carey@cableone.net	3215	null	null
sloan@21stenergy.com	3215	null	null
brohan@nytimes.com	3216	null	null
cjewett@velaw.com	3217	null	null
markehaedicke@aol.com	3218	null	null
desmarais.patti@enron.com	3219	null	null
patti@mcds.org	3219	null	null
patti@enron.com	3219	null	null
'patti@enron.com	3219	null	null
michael.kushner@enron.com	3220	null	null
deal.leads@enron.com	3221	null	null
leads@mail.ru	3221	null	null
kevin.kuykendall@enron.com	3222	null	null
nicholas.warner@enron.com	3223	null	null
warner@rff.org	3223	null	null
todd.creek@truequote.com	3224	null	null
creek@apbenergy.com	3224	null	null
guy.ishikawa@enron.com	3225	null	null
bob.hansen@enron.com	3226	null	null
hhunsucker@austin.rr.com	3227	null	null
sanjay.bhatnagar@enron.com	3228	null	null
athey@enron.com	3229	null	null
jin.yu@enron.com	3230	null	null
jin@gaganan.com	3230	null	null
y..yu@enron.com	3230	null	null
cmcoun@aol.com	3231	null	null
expedia.com_011234@expedia.customer-email.com	3232	null	null
probe@listserv.amunet.edu	3233	null	null
milton.brown@enron.com	3234	null	null
brennand@swcp.com	3235	null	null
jacton@crai.com	3236	null	null
howardkam@hotmail.com	3237	null	null
kcmitch@unm.edu	3238	null	null
cbeichenberger@undata.com	3239	null	null
tmartin@enron.com	3240	null	null
tmartin@ect.enron.com	3240	null	null
tmartin@nymex.com	3240	null	null
rositza.smilenova@enron.com	3241	null	null
andybrwn@earthlink.net	3242	null	null
easterling.patsy@enron.com	3243	null	null
patsy@marc-newson.com	3243	null	null
mary.cook@enron.com	3244	null	null
mtc8@pge.com	3245	null	null
management.ubsw@enron.com	3246	null	null
anna.mehrer@enron.com	3247	null	null
www.carsmart.com@carsmart.com	3248	null	null
www@cup.cam.ac.uk	3248	null	null
www@dejanews.com	3248	null	null
ddaniel@nexstarhome.com	3249	null	null
wilcox@enron.com	3250	null	null
jeffrey.wilson@enron.com	3251	null	null
jeffrey.wilson@constellation.com	3251	null	null
srrs@enron.com	3252	null	null
jplace@enron.com	3253	null	null
georgia.ward@enron.com	3254	null	null
marc.de@enron.com	3255	null	null
klefebvre@edisonmission.com	3256	null	null
parksc@rice.edu	3257	null	null
choenig@earthlink.net	3258	null	null
jcogan@kslaw.com	3259	null	null
mikey@enron.com	3260	null	null
distributionlist@mdcsystems.com	3261	null	null
j.c..macek@enron.com	3262	null	null
ay".'"dezenzo@enron.com	3263	null	null
jknight@oneok.com	3264	null	null
jknight@sdchamber.org	3264	null	null
jknight@sdchamber.com	3264	null	null
jknight@depelchin.org	3264	null	null
jknight@ong.com	3264	null	null
mjoy@aopl.org	3265	null	null
followup@corp.classmates.com	3266	null	null
followup@reg.net	3266	null	null
eleuze@caiso.com	3267	null	null
bildel@muze.com	3268	null	null
msimpson@wafs.com	3269	null	null
tamara.black@enron.com	3270	null	null
'cuenco@enron.com	3271	null	null
llkoebrich@tecoenergy.com	3272	null	null
kengelen@isda.org	3273	null	null
warren_albert@xenergy.com	3274	null	null
warren@epis.com	3274	null	null
llvet@aol.com	3275	null	null
doeringsue@yahoo.com	3276	null	null
elsa'.'spicochi@enron.com	3277	null	null
emmanuel.afowowe@enron.com	3278	null	null
larence.snowden@enron.com	3279	null	null
tkain@worldnet.att.net	3280	null	null
mwilson2@milbank.com	3281	null	null
gary.sova@enron.com	3282	null	null
agaddis@enron.com	3283	null	null
agaddis@mail.utexas.edu	3283	null	null
technologydaily-alert@nationaljournal.com	3284	null	null
greg.bruch@enron.com	3285	null	null
randy.g.kruger.jr@us.arthurandersen.com	3286	null	null
randy.g.kruger.jr@us.andersen.com	3286	null	null
randy.g.kruger.jr@arthuranderson.com	3286	null	null
jr@cinergy.com	3286	null	null
jr.@enron.com	3286	null	null
cbroussard@harveybuilders.com	3287	null	null
stuartp1134522@yahoo.com	3288	null	null
lew_hay@fpl.com	3289	null	null
lew@enron.com	3289	null	null
lew@kent.edu	3289	null	null
erika.boutte-dupre@enron.com	3290	null	null
erika.dupre@enron.com	3290	null	null
alex.lipton@bd.com	3291	null	null
alex.lipton@db.com	3291	null	null
bigwoodj@hmc.harvard.edu	3292	null	null
bigwoodj@harvard.edu	3292	null	null
customerservice@apartmenttrends.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@giftbaskets.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@mail.walgreens.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@sierratradingpost.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@autokrafters.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@zoomerang.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@industrialinfo.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@totalsports.net	3293	null	null
customerservice@autobytel.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@tdwaterhouse.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@wickedcoolstuff.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@rxinet03.walgreens.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@qwikfliks.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@betanything.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@photoworks.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@thestreet.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@paragonsports.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@brookstone.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@chaseplatinum.po-1.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@iinews.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@ameritrade.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@walgreens.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@stoneage.com	3293	null	null
customerservice@1800flowers.com	3293	null	null
joshious@yahoo.com	3294	null	null
chufft@bellsouth.net	3295	null	null
heather.johnson@enron.com	3296	null	null
marketmonitoring@nyiso.com	3297	null	null
briond@aja.com	3298	null	null
music-store-news@amazon.com	3299	null	null
music@800.com	3299	null	null
music@as-coa.org	3299	null	null
kristinj@hba.org	3300	null	null
drumm@enron.com	3301	null	null
aster@amic.com	3302	null	null
squiel@infosel.com	3303	null	null
mfawcett@microsoft.com	3304	null	null
lee-kauer@enron.com	3305	null	null
paula.craft@enron.com	3306	null	null
jconway@lemle.com	3307	null	null
foundmoney@offrtz.com	3308	null	null
foundmoney@optinglobal.com	3308	null	null
kien.luu@enron.com	3309	null	null
bridget.mcevoy@elpaso.com	3310	null	null
nksc@aol.com	3311	null	null
jennifer.stewart@enron.com	3312	null	null
big12@cottonbowl.com	3313	null	null
martinaisback@aol.com	3314	null	null
jhartmann@ercot.com	3315	null	null
darryl.peck@outpost.com	3316	null	null
lexi.elliott@enron.com	3317	null	null
kmarks@susmangodfrey.com	3318	null	null
andrew.harting@weil.com	3319	null	null
andrew.harting@btinternet.com	3319	null	null
graf.anne@enron.com	3320	null	null
frank.lemaster@enron.com	3321	null	null
gregory.emanuel@edwards.af.mil	3322	null	null
'hedy.govenar@enron.com	3323	null	null
govenar.hedy@enron.com	3323	null	null
hedy@enron.com	3323	null	null
fqms.internet.order.handler@mindspring.com	3324	null	null
hickspostar@door.net	3325	null	null
abourne@alec.org	3326	null	null
louisriley@houston.rr.com	3327	null	null
pat_scatena@ccm.sc.intel.com	3328	null	null
pat.scatena@intel.com	3328	null	null
pat.scatena@enron.com	3328	null	null
pat'.'scatena@enron.com	3328	null	null
hes@vnf.com	3329	null	null
rvujtech@carrfut.com	3330	null	null
kapberg@aol.com	3331	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.106599@joinmail.ccbn.com	3332	null	null
arabtrader@aol.com	3333	null	null
chris.morton@enron.com	3334	null	null
chris.morton@us.cgeyc.com	3334	null	null
w..hammond@enron.com	3335	null	null
bob.peebler@halliburton.com	3336	null	null
steve.cummings@funb.com	3337	null	null
valuemail@gr-mailbck.intervolved.net	3338	null	null
valuemail@intervolved.net	3338	null	null
valuemail@iv-mailbck.intervolved.net	3338	null	null
elsa.aguilar@enron.com	3339	null	null
ignacio.soneira@enron.com	3340	null	null
parrino@mail.utexas.edu	3341	null	null
eklund.carl@enron.com	3342	null	null
sandrah@fastband.com	3343	null	null
diane.cook@enron.com	3344	null	null
alerts-breakingnews@yahoo-inc.com	3345	null	null
alerts@infobeat.com	3345	null	null
alerts@alerts.equityalert.com.simbra.net	3345	null	null
alerts@schwab.com	3345	null	null
alerts@alerts.equityalert.com	3345	null	null
breakingnews@cnn.com	3345	null	null
alerts@stockselector.com	3345	null	null
breakingnews@mail.cnn.com	3345	null	null
alerts@equityalert.com	3345	null	null
timmy.ng@enron.com	3346	null	null
ng@enron.com	3346	null	null
paul.henking@enron.com	3347	null	null
william.c.falbaum@enron.com	3348	null	null
william.falbaum@enron.com	3348	null	null
sthompson@acres.com	3349	null	null
sthompson@prosrm.com	3349	null	null
kashiwamura_shelby@gsb.stanford.edu	3350	null	null
ehughes2@enron.com	3351	null	null
margaret.morrison@elpaso.com	3352	null	null
margaret.morrison@enron.com	3352	null	null
dnomen@eurelectric.org	3353	null	null
ipsen@cisco.com	3354	null	null
scott.bolton@enron.com	3355	null	null
scott.bolton@enron.net	3355	null	null
scott_bolton@enron.net	3355	null	null
alan.coad@dvn.com	3356	null	null
tatianna22@teraware.ne.jp	3357	null	null
barryp@bp.com	3358	null	null
cullen.duke@enron.com	3359	null	null
duke@enron.com	3359	null	null
jwashing@mail.mdanderson.org	3360	null	null
rick.hogan@enron.com	3361	null	null
mfrisina@earthlink.com	3362	null	null
jeff_skilling@enron.com	3363	null	null
jeff.skilling@enron.com	3363	null	null
allie_easton@yahoo.com	3364	null	null
easton@enron.com	3364	null	null
phil.baratz@enron.com	3365	null	null
'.''phil@enron.com	3365	null	null
phil@haas.berkeley.edu	3365	null	null
phil@enron.com	3365	null	null
scott.gladish@aesmail.com	3366	null	null
mcurran@quantinleap.com	3367	null	null
mcurran@riskcare.com	3367	null	null
tret244eqw@yahoo.com	3368	null	null
khoskins@dlj.com	3369	null	null
michael.clark@elpaso.com	3370	null	null
enron.cuttings@enron.com	3371	null	null
cuttings.enron@enron.com	3371	null	null
ffelvey@csipaper.com	3372	null	null
jtgoertz@hotmail.com	3373	null	null
jonjmetz@pacbell.net	3374	null	null
documents.405416.3211.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	3375	null	null
ted.bockius@ivita.com	3376	null	null
ted.bockius@compaq.com	3376	null	null
mmoore@enron.com	3377	null	null
bouldergirl@talkmatch.com	3378	null	null
a..hughes@enron.com	3379	null	null
hughes@enron.com	3379	null	null
jamie.kingbelinne@bus.utexas.edu	3380	null	null
maria.gulluni@enron.com	3381	null	null
gwoodward@wm.com	3382	null	null
underwriting.dl-rac@enron.com	3383	null	null
gpnet@omaropo.hyatt.com	3384	null	null
jeff.ford@enron.com	3385	null	null
cooperk@epenergy.com	3386	null	null
rjr@houston.rr.com	3387	null	null
rjr@huoston.rr.com	3387	null	null
mezcal@24bom.com	3388	null	null
mezcal@teleport.com	3388	null	null
mary.hannusch@enron.com	3389	null	null
cneale@coredevelopmentinc.com	3390	null	null
cneale@haas.berkeley.edu	3390	null	null
laura.johnson@enron.com	3391	null	null
wdgermanyjr@dow.com	3392	null	null
johng@pira.com	3393	null	null
johng@globalsc.net	3393	null	null
johng@nepco.com	3393	null	null
juliann.kemp@enron.com	3394	null	null
'juliann.kemp'@enron.com	3394	null	null
kemp@enron.com	3394	null	null
juliann.kemp@duke-energy.com	3394	null	null
asifmu@yahoo.com	3395	null	null
nemec.cindy@enron.com	3396	null	null
available.help.126254@iseg.fr	3397	null	null
joe.cavello@orionpowermw.com	3398	null	null
pamela.blazick@isinet.com	3399	null	null
phoenix@equiserve.com	3400	null	null
laura.ipsen@enron.com	3401	null	null
t6684l@yahoo.co.uk	3402	null	null
deborah.edison@enron.com	3403	null	null
mjones7@txu.com	3404	null	null
vivianna.bolen@enron.com	3405	null	null
aknittel@ford.com	3406	null	null
frank.economou@enron.com	3407	null	null
ext.443@kor-seek.com	3408	null	null
lfried@uclink4.berkeley.edu	3409	null	null
lfried@uclink.berkeley.edu	3409	null	null
kristopher.wahlers@enron.com	3410	null	null
kelly_p_davis@yahoo.com	3411	null	null
jeffseely_017804@netstock.customer-email.com	3412	null	null
atkinson@bradstoneequity.com	3413	null	null
atkinson@whytecliff.com	3413	null	null
lfrederick@ingenieros.com	3414	null	null
bkettlewell@testmail.ercot.com	3415	null	null
bkettlewell@ercot.com	3415	null	null
diemhallmark@aol.com	3416	null	null
t.compton@pecorp.com	3417	null	null
tycie.magee@enron.com	3418	null	null
magee@enron.com	3418	null	null
mcarroway@watervalley.net	3419	null	null
mcarroway@watervallery.net	3419	null	null
dlocascio@bracepatt.com	3420	null	null
johanna.krueger@enron.com	3421	null	null
hicken.jeff@enron.com	3422	null	null
hicken'.'jeff@enron.com	3422	null	null
julie.stockham@enron.com	3423	null	null
milton.berlinski@gs.com	3424	null	null
rhonna.palmer@enron.com	3425	null	null
palmer@enron.com	3425	null	null
steve.kleb@enron.com	3426	null	null
naul@hesinet.com	3427	null	null
sjkelly@sj.com	3428	null	null
pyoung@cliverunnels.com	3429	null	null
pyoung@eei.org	3429	null	null
pyoung@cliverunnells.com	3429	null	null
pyoung@pdq.net	3429	null	null
jay.hatfield@enron.com	3430	null	null
azhirise@uswest.net	3431	null	null
karen.herrmann@enron.com	3432	null	null
cosby@haas.berkeley.edu	3433	null	null
breilley@coral-energy.com	3434	null	null
barbara.o'bannion@enron.com	3435	null	null
c23572@au.ru	3436	null	null
son.dang@enron.com	3437	null	null
kculotta@kslaw.com	3438	null	null
mohammeda@calpine.com	3439	null	null
iol_administrator@iroquois.com	3440	null	null
administrator@wyden.senate.gov	3440	null	null
administrator@houstontech.org	3440	null	null
administrator@simmonsco-intl.com	3440	null	null
administrator@internetex.com	3440	null	null
administrator@mailman.enron.com	3440	null	null
hamilton/canwest/contr/ibm.bob@enron.com	3441	null	null
'bev.hansen@enron.com	3442	null	null
bev@enron.com	3442	null	null
hansen.bev@enron.com	3442	null	null
jbishop@sfmoma.org	3443	null	null
niamh.o'regan@enron.com	3444	null	null
regan@enron.com	3444	null	null
mailling34b@hanimail.com	3445	null	null
stacie.guidry@enron.com	3446	null	null
registered-users@lists.economist.com	3447	null	null
registered.users@datek.m0.net	3447	null	null
hottap@enron.com	3448	null	null
tazh@pira.com	3449	null	null
jpfeffer@skadden.com	3450	null	null
veronicapiatigorsky@economist.com	3451	null	null
fdiebold@stern.nyu.edu	3452	null	null
fdiebold@mail.sas.upenn.edu	3452	null	null
fdiebold@sas.upenn.edu	3452	null	null
arvind.ramanathan@techspan.com	3453	null	null
william.mccartney@elpaso.com	3454	null	null
fariba.karimi@enron.com	3455	null	null
kduggan@capstoneturbine.com	3456	null	null
shelleyzee@mail.utexas.edu	3457	null	null
glockhart@newpower.com	3458	null	null
pam_macaul@bmc.com	3459	null	null
'macaul@enron.com	3459	null	null
macaul@enron.com	3459	null	null
slava.brin@chase.com	3460	null	null
wood.nicole@enron.com	3461	null	null
london.brown@enron.com	3462	null	null
london@icelandair.is	3462	null	null
justinsitzman@hotmail.com	3463	null	null
benjamin_beth@gsb.stanford.edu	3464	null	null
beth@cockspuroffice.com	3464	null	null
beth@enron.com	3464	null	null
beth@angelflightsc.org	3464	null	null
beth@yahoo.com	3464	null	null
timothy15447sdg5901@mailandnews.com	3465	null	null
rawsons4@aol.com	3466	null	null
christina.albers@enron.com	3467	null	null
bjv@hoegh.no	3468	null	null
cdaverio@keyspanenergy.com	3469	null	null
wohdn@ladymail.cz	3470	null	null
documents.405416.2691.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	3471	null	null
michael.rosen@enron.com	3472	null	null
texastaryn@netscape.net	3473	null	null
g27965@ok.ru	3474	null	null
robert.barker@enron.com	3475	null	null
r..barker@enron.com	3475	null	null
mary.thambiah@enron.com	3476	null	null
tammy@fullenweider.com	3477	null	null
tammy@ironslawfirm.com	3477	null	null
tammy@ctltd.com	3477	null	null
.'tammy@enron.com	3477	null	null
sackreiter@randolph.af.mil	3478	null	null
paulm@encoreenergy.com	3479	null	null
ctd@cpuc.ca.gov	3480	null	null
william.hogan@anico.com	3481	null	null
hogan.william@enron.com	3481	null	null
william_hogan@harvard.edu	3481	null	null
cgrant@caiso.com	3482	null	null
amyn@uclink4.berkeley.edu	3483	null	null
young@investorplace.com	3484	null	null
sjohnson@ect.enron.com	3485	null	null
sjohnson@smus.bc.ca	3485	null	null
tina_aikman@hotmail.com	3486	null	null
tina@iexpect.com	3486	null	null
tina@haas.berkeley.edu	3486	null	null
398026.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	3487	null	null
steprg@bracepatt.com	3488	null	null
guerrero.anita@enron.com	3489	null	null
anita@enron.com	3489	null	null
guerrero@ccemtl.org	3489	null	null
anita@prescottlegal.com	3489	null	null
jacek@yorku.ca	3490	null	null
rick.caplan@ssmb.com	3491	null	null
jacobsen@swarthmore.edu	3492	null	null
chris.mallory@enron.com	3493	null	null
scott_struble@nas.adp.com	3494	null	null
scott_struble@adp.com	3494	null	null
jballen@enron.com	3495	null	null
gruyinc@flash.net	3496	null	null
joanie.ngo@enron.com	3497	null	null
ngo@enron.com	3497	null	null
kseaman@eei.org	3498	null	null
linda.j.simmons@enron.com	3499	null	null
j..simmons@enron.com	3499	null	null
linda.simmons@enron.com	3499	null	null
mkierlanczyk@hotmail.com	3500	null	null
mkierlanczyk@fmginy.com	3500	null	null
epec@epelectric.com	3501	null	null
bcagle@ipcgas.com	3502	null	null
daly@enron.com	3503	null	null
bbrunel@smud.org	3504	null	null
bbrunel@smud.com	3504	null	null
meltzerlaw@aol.com	3505	null	null
comp.temp@enron.com	3506	null	null
ldplegge@swidlaw.com	3507	null	null
g28053@mail.yahoo.co.jp	3508	null	null
ebiz@otakumail.com	3509	null	null
ebiz@enron.com	3509	null	null
mike_haney@enron.net	3510	null	null
mike.haney@enron.com	3510	null	null
kknott@jdf.org	3511	null	null
2000greetings@lists.postmastergeneral.com	3512	null	null
2000greetings@postalmanager.com	3512	null	null
skingsle@llgm.com	3513	null	null
hayslettr@yahoo.com	3514	null	null
aratterree@insiterealty.com	3515	null	null
michael.barone@enron.com	3516	null	null
bobbi.tessandori@enron.com	3517	null	null
tim.leggett@enron.com	3518	null	null
sunita.katyal@enron.com	3519	null	null
rstribling@tristategt.orgj	3520	null	null
rstribling@tristategt.org	3520	null	null
icmh1737@eudoramail.com	3521	null	null
351408.118987245.1@1.americanexpress.com	3522	null	null
351408.119066726.1@1.americanexpress.com	3522	null	null
elizabeth.serralheiro@enron.com	3523	null	null
marc.adler@enron.com	3524	null	null
david.hoog@enron.com	3525	null	null
karen.shea@dynegy.com	3526	null	null
nmackenz@utilicorp.com	3527	null	null
caroline.emmert@enron.com	3528	null	null
adityad@wharton.upenn.edu	3529	null	null
passuras@sppc.com	3530	null	null
kdarby@breitburn.com	3531	null	null
joel.bennett@enron.com	3532	null	null
aligazarine@hotmail.com	3533	null	null
brad.jones@enron.com	3534	null	null
b.jones@enron.com	3534	null	null
chuuzxijbyeszsos@hotmail.com	3535	null	null
cwhitehead@isda-eur.org	3536	null	null
harry.zimmer@elpaso.com	3537	null	null
harry@harrylenkerd.com	3537	null	null
harry@enron.com	3537	null	null
ameerabu@aol.com	3538	null	null
robearin@yahoo.com	3539	null	null
john_bourget@em.fcnbd.com	3540	null	null
john_bourget@bankone.com	3540	null	null
ebanks@enron.com	3541	null	null
melissa.raciti@freshfields.com	3542	null	null
jw1000mac@yahoo.com	3543	null	null
scott_pleus@enron.net	3544	null	null
scott.pleus@enron.com	3544	null	null
cpatman@bracepatt.com	3545	null	null
cpatman@bracepat.com	3545	null	null
breakthrough.adm@enron.com	3546	null	null
tirwin@alleghenyenergy.com	3547	null	null
greatdeals@autonationsale.com	3548	null	null
h.-m.weigand@galerie-haus-schneider.com	3549	null	null
david.porter@enron.com	3550	null	null
david.porter@glencore-us.com	3550	null	null
gary.kane@enron.com	3551	null	null
kane@partnersnational.com	3551	null	null
malmeida@elektro.com.br	3552	null	null
billinton@enron.com	3553	null	null
lroberts@namonline.org	3554	null	null
rebecca.walker@enron.com	3555	null	null
tina.holcombe@enron.com	3556	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_036887@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	3557	null	null
tdtwg@ercot.com	3558	null	null
pferraz@bozano.com.br	3559	null	null
flemming.pedersen@enron.com	3560	null	null
a..cummings@enron.com	3561	null	null
thomas.rosendahl@ubspainewebber.com	3562	null	null
thomas.rosendahl@ubspw.com	3562	null	null
'rosendahl@enron.com	3562	null	null
424367.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	3563	null	null
linda.harris@travelpark.com	3564	null	null
linda.harris@enron.com	3564	null	null
bsrevada@yahoo.com	3565	null	null
foothillservices@mindspring.com	3566	null	null
msnnewsletters_025267@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	3567	null	null
stormgale@msn.com	3568	null	null
rishajanuska@enron.com	3569	null	null
chris.lenartowicz@enron.com	3570	null	null
rebiere.patrick@enron.com	3571	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.104244@joinmail.ccbn.com	3572	null	null
tdavis1@milbank.com	3573	null	null
jim_barnes@pgn.com	3574	null	null
barnes'.'jim@enron.com	3574	null	null
jim.barnes@enron.com	3574	null	null
sfreeman@qzip.net	3575	null	null
robert.fuller@enron.com	3576	null	null
fuller@enron.com	3576	null	null
sslindberg@duke-energy.com	3577	null	null
maureen.raymond@enron.com	3578	null	null
raymond@enron.com	3578	null	null
maureen@enron.com	3578	null	null
preisinger@tmh.tmc.edu	3579	null	null
preisinger@ruf.rice.edu	3579	null	null
bjackson@sswpc.com	3580	null	null
bjackson@msspc.com	3580	null	null
joeybrewer@msn.com	3581	null	null
bambos@stanford.edu	3582	null	null
dholakia@rice.edu	3583	null	null
agallers@yahoo.com	3584	null	null
enron.benefits@enron.com	3585	null	null
lisa_quintanilla@dell.com	3586	null	null
ccierra@hess.com	3587	null	null
mhannus@enron.com	3588	null	null
toddf@microsoft.com	3589	null	null
audrey.robertson@enron.com	3590	null	null
jephross@velaw.com	3591	null	null
bobbi.kilburn@vynpc.com	3592	null	null
bobbi.kilburn@enron.com	3592	null	null
cardonmckay@home.com	3593	null	null
cardonmckay@shaw.ca	3593	null	null
savings@overstock.com	3594	null	null
savings@eversave.rgc2.net	3594	null	null
5moore@family.net	3595	null	null
9167184@skytel.com	3596	null	null
pam.mccaskey@neg.pge.com	3597	null	null
reynolds.andy@enron.com	3598	null	null
earl.chanley@enron.com	3599	null	null
mroger3@entergy.com	3600	null	null
leon.bass@sce.com	3601	null	null
hbroers@eurelectric.org	3602	null	null
carol.brown@enron.com	3603	null	null
j.beyer@enron.com	3604	null	null
nhickman@washgas.com	3605	null	null
jenniferwhite@oceanenergy.com	3606	null	null
dkreiman@mcleodusa.net	3607	null	null
beverly.beaty@enron.com	3608	null	null
mark.lindsay@enron.com	3609	null	null
claravelez@mail.ee	3610	null	null
sparklist@pluto.sparklist.com	3611	null	null
alojrwfsqps@hotmail.com	3612	null	null
aftab.saleem@enron.com	3613	null	null
rcooper@usg.com	3614	null	null
rcooper@iteam.com	3614	null	null
ronnie.chahal@enron.com	3615	null	null
ed.b.hearn.iii@enron.com	3616	null	null
dan.dietrich@enron.com	3617	null	null
dietrich@enron.com	3617	null	null
kihyonp@gfigroup.com	3618	null	null
greg.mcmahon@enron.com	3619	null	null
tom_weidig@yahoo.co.uk	3620	null	null
greg_brady@i2.com	3621	null	null
.brady@enron.com	3621	null	null
kent.shoemaker@as.ge.com	3622	null	null
kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com	3622	null	null
kent.shoemaker@ss.ps.ge.com	3622	null	null
kent.shoemaker@ps.ge.com	3622	null	null
kent.shoemaker@ae.ps.ge.com	3622	null	null
amurray@llgm.com	3623	null	null
joseph.hrgovcic@enron.com	3624	null	null
hrgovcic@enron.com	3624	null	null
vince1953@freeuk.com	3625	null	null
selina.k.wilbur@us.arthurandersen.com	3626	null	null
wiggett.bruce@enron.com	3627	null	null
bruce.wiggett@vynpc.com	3627	null	null
wiggett@enron.com	3627	null	null
bruce.wiggett@enron.com	3627	null	null
pmar@mofo.com	3628	null	null
mike.juckes@enron.com	3629	null	null
mike'.'juckes@enron.com	3629	null	null
john_mantyh@fpl.com	3630	null	null
kevin.headrick@eprime.com	3631	null	null
sgcre@techmail.admin.ttu.edu	3632	null	null
douglas.lecocq@arthurandersen.com	3633	null	null
douglas.lecocq@au.arthurandersen.com	3633	null	null
rita.homan@enron.com	3634	null	null
pallen@ect.enron.com	3635	null	null
pallen@hotmail.com	3635	null	null
pallen@enron.com	3635	null	null
marcus.polach@enron.com	3636	null	null
marcus@arts.usf.edu	3636	null	null
karim.punja@enron.com	3637	null	null
karim@karimrashid.com	3637	null	null
bartlette@mail.utexas.edu	3638	null	null
showard@agsk.com	3639	null	null
showard@milbank.com	3639	null	null
front@review.com	3640	null	null
jontra@ivp-ny.com	3641	null	null
guenther.klar@enron.com	3642	null	null
pucuacdqmy@mail2.emediatemail.com	3643	null	null
donna_j_mullen@dom.com	3644	null	null
mullen@enron.com	3644	null	null
nbutler@susmangodfrey.com	3645	null	null
staci@mcgarr.com	3646	null	null
twayne@waynedirect.com	3647	null	null
thiessen@conferenceboard.ca	3648	null	null
accountit@autorelister.com	3649	null	null
aleo@powermerchants.com	3650	null	null
jmalisz@uswst.com	3651	null	null
jmalisz@uswest.com	3651	null	null
jmalisz@qwest.com	3651	null	null
ataylor@bracepatt.com	3652	null	null
rory@carmelnet.com	3653	null	null
rory@universal-net.com	3653	null	null
enronitpurchasing@enron.com	3654	null	null
janette.elbertson@enron.com	3655	null	null
janette@thermostatic.com	3655	null	null
elbertson@enron.com	3655	null	null
cruz.anna@enron.com	3656	null	null
nat.kreamer@enron.com	3657	null	null
icehelpdesk@intcx.com	3658	null	null
**icehelpdesk@enron.com	3658	null	null
tbowen@enron.com	3659	null	null
steg@email.msn.com	3660	null	null
kothari@mit.edu	3661	null	null
alexeaton@msn.com	3662	null	null
ullrich.leon@enron.com	3663	null	null
debbie.skinner@enron.com	3664	null	null
chc@ionsearchfirm.com	3665	null	null
kmagrude@enron.com	3666	null	null
zeu3rk@msn.com	3667	null	null
jennifer.shipos@enron.com	3668	null	null
rcellis@bpa.gov	3669	null	null
dbrown@nicor.com	3670	null	null
dbrown@natsource.ca	3670	null	null
jane.joyce@dynegy.com	3671	null	null
jane.joyce@enron.com	3671	null	null
william.healy@elpaso.com	3672	null	null
healy@enron.com	3672	null	null
achand1143@exit3.com	3673	null	null
kimberly.hopley@enron.com	3674	null	null
team.flagstaff@enron.com	3675	null	null
brian.gore@reliant.com	3676	null	null
mrmitchell@fulbright.com	3677	null	null
rick.johnson@enron.com	3678	null	null
theherington@bracepatt.com	3679	null	null
rseroussi@buchalter.com	3680	null	null
lisa.hughes@cinergy.com	3681	null	null
peter.vint@enron.com	3682	null	null
ret.prichard@cal.nmss.org	3683	null	null
donna.foy@pinnaclewest.com	3684	null	null
garrettm@pdq.net	3685	null	null
bob.stevens@enron.com	3686	null	null
vasco.ferraz@elektro.com.br	3687	null	null
'vasco@enron.com	3687	null	null
eric.pitcher@enron.com	3688	null	null
carol.clair@enron.com	3689	null	null
ckbeeler@msn.com	3690	null	null
cindy_wasik@chicago.kirkland.com	3691	null	null
matney@enron.com	3692	null	null
ken.rice@enron.com	3693	null	null
ken_rice@enron.com	3693	null	null
ken_rice@enron.net	3693	null	null
austinf@yourthirst.com	3694	null	null
houston.main@roberthalf.com	3695	null	null
main@iafe.org	3695	null	null
don.blake@firstunion.com	3696	null	null
blake@rff.org	3696	null	null
blake@enron.com	3696	null	null
blake@hoganinvestment.com	3696	null	null
gillian@consensus-research.com	3697	null	null
ben_seal@cvrmarc.com	3698	null	null
rick.paiste@enron.com	3699	null	null
rmmalloy@gapac.com	3700	null	null
barri.tsavaris@enron.com	3701	null	null
bemackay@bpa.gov	3702	null	null
cliff.baxter@enron.com	3703	null	null
cliff'.'baxter@enron.com	3703	null	null
robbiz@cwo.com	3704	null	null
gary.galow@enron.com	3705	null	null
custom@ym1.net	3706	null	null
nsds@dynegy.com	3707	null	null
acooke@fame.com	3708	null	null
pskatzdds@mediaone.net	3709	null	null
hstang@alleghenyenergy.com	3710	null	null
aimr2001@bbh1.viamedialinq.com	3711	null	null
giron.yvonne@enron.com	3712	null	null
richard.deming@enron.com	3713	null	null
jcheung@petro-canada.ca	3714	null	null
swillia1@ch2m.com	3715	null	null
patrick.mendenhall@ubspainewebber.com	3716	null	null
darnoff@greylock.com	3717	null	null
loon@enron.com	3718	null	null
kathyd@edihealthcare.com	3719	null	null
clwill@worldnet.att.net	3720	null	null
sonjay.vishnupad@robertwalters.com	3721	null	null
wayne.communications@enron.com	3722	null	null
dan_feather@enron.com	3723	null	null
terrie.smith@enron.com	3724	null	null
pat.breeland@enron.com	3725	null	null
rwellis@equiva.com	3726	null	null
jeffrey_fountain@bankone.com	3727	null	null
vkamins@notes.enron.com	3728	null	null
vkamins@aol.com	3728	null	null
vkamins@ftnetwork.com	3728	null	null
vkamins@enron.com	3728	null	null
vkamins@ect.enron.com	3728	null	null
vkamins@ennron.com	3728	null	null
richardhrabal@cs.com	3729	null	null
tom_shelton@enron.com	3730	null	null
tom.shelton@enron.com	3730	null	null
mmfoss@uh.edu	3731	null	null
condie.elden@enron.com	3732	null	null
musicgreetings@mp3.com	3733	null	null
wgdsinfvgu4@hotmail.com	3734	null	null
susanc@katzlaw.com	3735	null	null
sharon.mcknight@enron.com	3736	null	null
ppope01@coair.com	3737	null	null
andrew.gieser.enronxgate@enron.com	3738	null	null
andrew.gieser@enron.com	3738	null	null
enronxgate@eott.com	3738	null	null
simon.hastings@enron.com	3739	null	null
f.wong@enron.com	3740	null	null
ccrawford@williamsonsears.com	3741	null	null
arik@e-business-e.com	3742	null	null
jmoncada@fftw.com	3743	null	null
allen.cohrs@enron.com	3744	null	null
kseifert@kcc.com	3745	null	null
hyla@hyla.org	3746	null	null
bounce-otcjournal-3119263@lyris.otcjournal.com	3747	null	null
lets_live_sports0102.um.a.1.154@mail.gncgoldcardclub.com	3748	null	null
s..lim@enron.com	3749	null	null
aisabella@nyiso.com	3750	null	null
wmiguez@email.msn.com	3751	null	null
enron.com.dcastro.jfrizzel@pkns.com	3752	null	null
enron.com@enron.com	3752	null	null
enron.com@returns.groups.yahoo.com	3752	null	null
dcastro@pkns.com	3752	null	null
'enron.com@enron.com	3752	null	null
enron.com@b.verticalresponse.com	3752	null	null
enron.com@denverpost.publishmail.com	3752	null	null
enron.com@bounce.u2.com	3752	null	null
enron.com.@enron.com	3752	null	null
joaogodoy@hotmail.com	3753	null	null
'aol.com@enron.com	3754	null	null
bruce.trout@enron.com	3755	null	null
judy.nabors-collins@enron.com	3756	null	null
kay.hammonds@enron.com	3757	null	null
emwilliams@mslegalsearch.com	3758	null	null
david.emanuel@williams.com	3759	null	null
laurent.birade@fea.com	3760	null	null
ucyaxpzyzlhou@clear.co.nz	3761	null	null
matt.motsinger@enron.com	3762	null	null
1934spy@juno.com	3763	null	null
'janet.dietrich'@enron.com	3764	null	null
janet.dietrich@enron.com	3764	null	null
dietrich.janet@enron.com	3764	null	null
john.weakly@enron.com	3765	null	null
concentrates.dl-nymetals@enron.com	3766	null	null
fliprouse@email.msn.com	3767	null	null
fliprouse@email.msn	3767	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3904@lists.smartmoney.com	3768	null	null
vivien.pham@enron.com	3769	null	null
patrick.stafford@enron.com	3770	null	null
bhamilto@cmg.fcnbd.com	3771	null	null
1.14166227.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	3772	null	null
1.14166227.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	3772	null	null
1.14166227.-23@multexinvestornetwork.com	3772	null	null
deane.pierce@enron.com	3773	null	null
m011602@yahoo.com	3774	null	null
zebradesign@libero.it	3775	null	null
imajerkoff@hotmail.com	3776	null	null
_corolla@response.etracks.com	3777	null	null
1800flowers.243967005@s2u2.com	3778	null	null
t..grajewski@enron.com	3779	null	null
londonthompson@enron.com	3780	null	null
pkginfo@ups.com	3781	null	null
linda.andersson@enron.com	3782	null	null
eric.mcmurry@enron.com	3783	null	null
eric.mcmurry@elpaso.com	3783	null	null
mcmurry@enron.com	3783	null	null
mcmurry.eric@enron.com	3783	null	null
aburlina@hotmail.com	3784	null	null
lahjyrvqmj@sapo.pt	3785	null	null
thomas.myers@enron.com	3786	null	null
"myers@enron.com	3786	null	null
myers@enron.com	3786	null	null
twest@tmh.tmc.edu	3787	null	null
ca-del@nationaljournal.com	3788	null	null
del@living.com	3788	null	null
allan.turner@chron.com	3789	null	null
allan@enron.com	3789	null	null
mcfadden.cody@enron.com	3790	null	null
mcfadden@econ.berkeley.edu	3790	null	null
cody@enron.com	3790	null	null
qwest.net@mailman.enron.com	3791	null	null
michael.spruiell@enron.com	3792	null	null
bala.kandaswamy@enron.com	3793	null	null
bala@fidlar.com	3793	null	null
russell.servat@enron.com	3794	null	null
paul.glenn@marinemax.com	3795	null	null
gamble111@yahoo.com	3796	null	null
houston_ena_egm_eim@enron.com	3797	null	null
houston.ena&eim&egm@enron.com	3797	null	null
peter.weidler@enron.com	3798	null	null
otcdispatch@utarget.sparklist.com	3799	null	null
scott.maxfield@dynegy.com	3800	null	null
m..scott@enron.com	3800	null	null
jreitme@ect.enron.com	3801	null	null
jreitme@enron.com	3801	null	null
godinich@pdq.net	3802	null	null
rkboone@duke-energy.com	3803	null	null
ethomasb72@aol.com	3804	null	null
'daniel.sweetser@enron.com	3805	null	null
jjohns@lemle.com	3806	null	null
susan.musch@enron.com	3807	null	null
irenepepe@hotmail.com	3808	null	null
doc@mail-gw.metropolis-inter.com	3809	null	null
vazirani@enron.com	3810	null	null
eleanor.fraser@enron.com	3811	null	null
mary.ellen.coffey@chase.com	3812	null	null
arshak.sarkissian@enron.com	3813	null	null
craig.rickard@enron.com	3814	null	null
ksmedley@uts.cc.utexas.edu	3815	null	null
mkammer@tradespark.com	3816	null	null
janet.de@enron.com	3817	null	null
george4532ds@mailops.com	3818	null	null
skmjd3@compuserve.com	3819	null	null
peggy.banczak@enron.com	3820	null	null
dmorris@bracepatt.com	3821	null	null
stuart.reed@enron.com	3822	null	null
hwang@enron.com	3823	null	null
jchen@brobeck.com	3824	null	null
quigleyb@sensormatic.com	3825	null	null
mark.leskowitz@enron.com	3826	null	null
mcalisjg@bp.com	3827	null	null
robert.neusteadter@enron.com	3828	null	null
amanda.schultz@enron.com	3829	null	null
schultz@enron.com	3829	null	null
acavers@earthlink.net	3830	null	null
palminc_team.6xf83whm.d@insync-palm.com	3831	null	null
sean.edmunds@ps.ge.com	3832	null	null
jonathan.hudacko@barra.com	3833	null	null
hudacko@haas.berkeley.edu	3833	null	null
bobette.riner@ipgdirect.com	3834	null	null
john.shuttee@elpaso.com	3835	null	null
james.zane@newline.com	3836	null	null
gwendolyn.petteway@enron.com	3837	null	null
wmcgov1047@aol.com	3838	null	null
watts@gbnuk.com	3839	null	null
bigdog200@worldnet.att.net	3840	null	null
pboyle@uwaterloo.ca	3841	null	null
pboyle@uwaterloo.c	3841	null	null
tammy.anderson@enron.com	3842	null	null
jleslie@luce.com	3843	null	null
kristina.communications@enron.com	3844	null	null
phillip_mcleod@lecg.com	3845	null	null
laboon@lockeliddell.com	3846	null	null
jrmudra@pacbell.net	3847	null	null
ccoffee@anpower.com	3848	null	null
pauline.brady@enron.com	3849	null	null
g..stage@enron.com	3850	null	null
laceemb@aol.com	3851	null	null
arthur.edwards@apollogrp.edu	3852	null	null
shirley.wilson@enron.com	3853	null	null
john.e.obrien@us.pwcglobal.com	3854	null	null
jonathan.s.leopold@rssmb.com	3855	null	null
lydecker.jr.@enron.com	3856	null	null
munder.mail.list@mailman.enron.com	3857	null	null
a@enron.com	3858	null	null
javier.chavarria@enron.com	3859	null	null
mmckay@velaw.com	3860	null	null
lynn_rhodes@mail.dnr.state.ga.us	3861	null	null
chugie@aol.com	3862	null	null
lyn.maddox@neg.pge.com	3863	null	null
lyn@bitstreet.com	3863	null	null
marianne.litvak@gs.com	3864	null	null
task.force@enron.com	3865	null	null
felicia.case@enron.com	3866	null	null
felicia@enron.com	3866	null	null
chris.constantine@enron.com	3867	null	null
constantine@enron.com	3867	null	null
chaney007@hotmail.com	3868	null	null
aaron.berutti@enron.com	3869	null	null
aaron@global2000.net	3869	null	null
aaron@enron.com	3869	null	null
aaron@qeraser.com	3869	null	null
aaron@prlcny.org	3869	null	null
aaron@comaltexins.com	3869	null	null
beustis@romcapital.com	3870	null	null
lilia.roman@enron.com	3871	null	null
rweron@mazur.im.pwr.wroc.pl	3872	null	null
chuck.goode@enron.com	3873	null	null
anna.m.docwra@enron.com	3874	null	null
m..docwra@enron.com	3874	null	null
anna.docwra@enron.com	3874	null	null
support3@clearstation.com	3875	null	null
jason_radovan@enron.net	3876	null	null
kid.mailing@enron.com	3877	null	null
mcgibbs@pacbell.net	3878	null	null
david.redmond@enron.com	3879	null	null
redmond@enron.com	3879	null	null
mm3105@mail.ev1.net	3880	null	null
ebayinsidersecrets@aol.com	3881	null	null
jeremiah.charles@enron.com	3882	null	null
jeremiah@houston.rr.com	3882	null	null
ebower@usasean.org	3883	null	null
rzipter@aol.com	3884	null	null
enron.action@enron.com	3885	null	null
deffner@enron.com	3886	null	null
mfoster@grti.tec.ar.us	3887	null	null
fisperryn@hotmail.com	3888	null	null
millie.moran@elpaso.com	3889	null	null
moran@enron.com	3889	null	null
tfakp@aol.com	3890	null	null
charles.decker@enron.com	3891	null	null
toysrus.com@toysrus.com	3892	null	null
gregory.lind@enron.com	3893	null	null
cgsyzdek@duke-energy.com	3894	null	null
panderson@tradespark.com	3895	null	null
panderson@intcx.com	3895	null	null
rudy.elizondo@enron.com	3896	null	null
'elizondo@enron.com	3896	null	null
rudy.elizondo@delinea.com	3896	null	null
kkelly@tfsenergy.com	3897	null	null
kkelly@tfsbrokers.com	3897	null	null
hreich@eqt.com	3898	null	null
andrews@boxerproperty.com	3899	null	null
andrews@calpine.com	3899	null	null
andrews@enron.com	3899	null	null
alafave@houston.org	3900	null	null
jwahl@cinergy.com	3901	null	null
colleen.sullivan@enron.com	3902	null	null
clewis@bear.com	3903	null	null
clewis@peco-energy.com	3903	null	null
j..sturm@enron.com	3904	null	null
elizabeth.peters@enron.com	3905	null	null
edward.hamb@enron.com	3906	null	null
meetingstop@aol.com	3907	null	null
hkd2061@home.com	3908	null	null
li.doyle@enron.com	3909	null	null
doyle@rff.org	3909	null	null
li.doyle@ielectric.com	3909	null	null
kenneth.lee@enron.com	3910	null	null
malbright@nyiso.com	3911	null	null
trimind@aol.com	3912	null	null
jjforbes@duke-energy.com	3913	null	null
callen@theitgroup.com	3914	null	null
callen@tuckerpub.com	3914	null	null
callen@itcrp.com	3914	null	null
callen@akingump.com	3914	null	null
hardin.tolan@enron.com	3915	null	null
francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com	3916	null	null
pinto.leite@enron.com	3916	null	null
francisco.leite@enron.com	3916	null	null
farid.mithani@enron.com	3917	null	null
mrowden@fsark.com	3918	null	null
kamat@ieor.berkeley.edu	3919	null	null
vha0401@hotmail.com	3920	null	null
joseph.piotrowski@enron.com	3921	null	null
jvogt@bondmarkets.com	3922	null	null
ronaldcarlsward@enron.com	3923	null	null
dennis.crum@truequote.com	3924	null	null
phil.clifford@enron.com	3925	null	null
agreer@enron.com	3926	null	null
jacek.drezewski@enron.com	3927	null	null
stoeckfurn@aol.com	3928	null	null
michele.winckowski@dynegy.com	3929	null	null
michele.winckowski@enron.com	3929	null	null
sekse@enron.com	3930	null	null
george.daren@enron.com	3931	null	null
pappadeas@mindspring.com	3932	null	null
paul.joe@enron.com	3933	null	null
joe.paul@dynegy.com	3933	null	null
the_economist-politics-admin@news.economist.com	3934	null	null
the_economist-politics-admin@economist.com	3934	null	null
politics@lists.economist.com	3934	null	null
the_economist-politics-admin@lists.economist.com	3934	null	null
ab103@mail.ee	3935	null	null
ab103@netposta.net	3935	null	null
kathy.nethercutt@enron.com	3936	null	null
udgegyro@yahoo.com	3937	null	null
jmvkad@earthlink.net	3938	null	null
mainguy@alsic.univ-fcomte.fr	3939	null	null
mainguy@amarillas.cl	3939	null	null
mainguy@allmacintosh.infolink.com.br	3939	null	null
jessica.burry@enron.com	3940	null	null
jessica@lplpi.com	3940	null	null
jessica@teamgolf.com	3940	null	null
jessica@enron.com	3940	null	null
dsweetser@llspc.com	3941	null	null
rahulbajaj@bajajauto.com	3942	null	null
rahulbajaj@bajajauto.co.in	3942	null	null
e201b-1@haas.berkeley.edu	3943	null	null
marlene_huntsinger@pgn.com	3944	null	null
donna.lawrence@stanford.edu	3945	null	null
joni.bollinger@dynegy.com	3946	null	null
joni.bollinger@enron.com	3946	null	null
ed.wood@enron.com	3947	null	null
angela.connelly@enron.com	3948	null	null
2.4108.91-lltl_pakcfbp.1@cda01.cdnow.com	3949	null	null
edward.smith@cwt.com	3950	null	null
e..smith@enron.com	3950	null	null
suzanne.christiansen@enron.com	3951	null	null
christiansen@enron.com	3951	null	null
kevin.compton@enron.com	3952	null	null
kate.agnew@enron.com	3953	null	null
pfaffman@relaxpc.com	3954	null	null
fe3b3530-0833-4e5a-aec7-4c0f9cbb1553.itsimazing.com@itsimazing.etoll.net	3955	null	null
itsimazing@sendoutmail.com	3955	null	null
itsimazing@response.etracks.com	3955	null	null
hcfpleng@hopewellcogen.com	3956	null	null
elopez@bracepatt.com	3957	null	null
spivakj@coned.com	3958	null	null
bruce.martin@enron.com	3959	null	null
rodger.gillaspie@ia.ngb.army.mil	3960	null	null
rodger@enron.com	3960	null	null
gillaspie@enron.com	3960	null	null
everyone_in_ect_denver@enron.com	3961	null	null
angela.ramirez@enron.com	3962	null	null
a.ramirez@enron.com	3962	null	null
rsullivan@caiso.com	3963	null	null
email@backweb.rsc01.com	3964	null	null
email@eloan.rsc03.com	3964	null	null
email@footlocker.rgc2.net	3964	null	null
email@footlocker.rsc01.com	3964	null	null
email@chase.rsc01.com	3964	null	null
email@christopherswine.com	3964	null	null
email@martindale.com	3964	null	null
email@email.themoment.com	3964	null	null
email@lisc.net	3964	null	null
mcortina@zrfmlaw.com	3965	null	null
edith.turnipseed@enron.com	3966	null	null
jackson.vo@enron.com	3967	null	null
jane.gustafson@enron.com	3968	null	null
tracy_mclaughlin@enron.net	3969	null	null
tracy.mclaughlin@enron.com	3969	null	null
venniedillman1349@gardener.com	3970	null	null
l..garcia@enron.com	3971	null	null
kcow@dynegy.com	3972	null	null
lance.nash@enron.com	3973	null	null
lance@shadowpack.com	3973	null	null
tanya.book@enron.com	3974	null	null
book@enron.com	3974	null	null
book@science-finance.fr	3974	null	null
smorrison@mailbmc.com	3975	null	null
smorrison@caiso.com	3975	null	null
awisch@rcsis.com	3976	null	null
'fricke@enron.com	3977	null	null
jmorgan@markwest.com	3978	null	null
jmorgan@keyspanenergy.com	3978	null	null
kin.tso@bus.utexas.edu	3979	null	null
meredith.fascett@gs.com	3980	null	null
meredith@enron.com	3980	null	null
lrodrigu@pcc.edu	3981	null	null
bmckay@ect.enron.com	3982	null	null
bmckay@houston.rr.com	3982	null	null
bmckay@enron.com	3982	null	null
bmckay@utilicorp.com	3982	null	null
ashmore.buddy@enron.com	3983	null	null
annies420@aol.com	3984	null	null
paulpipitone@akllp.com	3985	null	null
cheryl.arguijo@enron.com	3986	null	null
chad.bruce@enron.com	3987	null	null
mac5758@aol.com	3988	null	null
susan.garven@stoneweb.com	3989	null	null
susan.garven@swec.com	3989	null	null
garven@stoneweb.com	3989	null	null
wtl@tradewellsystems.com	3990	null	null
antoinette.beale@enron.com	3991	null	null
richard.dix@gm.com	3992	null	null
dpentzien@nisource.com	3993	null	null
smartgalshalo@yahoo.com	3994	null	null
jarnold@ei.enron.com	3995	null	null
jarnold@ees.enron.com	3995	null	null
jarnold@ect.enron.com	3995	null	null
jarnold@enron.com	3995	null	null
caisomktops@caiso.com	3996	null	null
julie.morgan@nerc.net	3997	null	null
'morgan@enron.com	3997	null	null
_morgan@kindermorgan.com	3997	null	null
kevino2@unocal.com	3998	null	null
rlevine@fce.com	3999	null	null
johnnycakes_rising@hotmail.com	4000	null	null
heather.hill@ac.com	4001	null	null
hill.heather@enron.com	4001	null	null
gene.edmiston@enron.com	4002	null	null
mitchell.anderson@enron.com	4003	null	null
mitchell@zoomlaw.com	4003	null	null
sroach@gibbs-brun.com	4004	null	null
sroach@gibbs_brun.com	4004	null	null
survey@autobytel.com	4005	null	null
survey@trafficschooltogo.com	4005	null	null
survey@carnegiecomm.com	4005	null	null
vdehy@esoterica.pt	4006	null	null
chuck.spence@in-barings.com	4007	null	null
chuck.spence@ing-barings.com	4007	null	null
thz@compuserve.com	4008	null	null
donette.dewar@enron.com	4009	null	null
dewar@enron.com	4009	null	null
emharris@dow.com	4010	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.111217@joinmail.ccbn.com	4011	null	null
ctatting@mayo.edu	4012	null	null
blair.com@emsiweb.com	4013	null	null
newsletter20011119@mail.cooking.com	4014	null	null
hwillmert@cilco.com	4015	null	null
robert_dayton@hyperion.com	4016	null	null
bojorquez@enron.com	4017	null	null
kennedy.kathleen@enron.com	4018	null	null
janine.cashin@enron.com	4019	null	null
larsenart@aol.com	4020	null	null
marwan@nestgroup.com	4021	null	null
berle_j123@hotmail.com	4022	null	null
joehirko@aol.com	4023	null	null
reagan.rorshach@enron.com	4024	null	null
kristin_stathis@pgn.com	4025	null	null
kristin.stathis@enron.com	4025	null	null
stathis@enron.com	4025	null	null
postar.michael@enron.com	4026	null	null
mrudula.gadade@enron.com	4027	null	null
mcuilla@enron.com	4028	null	null
mcuilla@ect.enron.com	4028	null	null
mcuilla@houston.rr.com	4028	null	null
mcuilla@hotmail.com	4028	null	null
jlvittor@mofo.com	4029	null	null
garczj@powersrc.com	4030	null	null
ryan.dusek@enron.com	4031	null	null
mthomas@carrfut.com	4032	null	null
rodrigo.lamas@enron.com	4033	null	null
remi.collonges@enron.com	4034	null	null
collonges@enron.com	4034	null	null
t.stockbridge@enron.com	4035	null	null
stockbridge@enron.com	4035	null	null
m.rosenberg@enron.com	4036	null	null
naesb1@aol.com	4037	null	null
20contacts@ivey.uwo.ca	4038	null	null
dlove@russellreynolds.com	4039	null	null
linda.strahm@enron.com	4040	null	null
terri.hamby@elpaso.com	4041	null	null
farrar.james2@enron.com	4042	null	null
georgia.matula@enron.com	4043	null	null
jim.prentice@enron.com	4044	null	null
prentice@enron.com	4044	null	null
mline-tariff@listsrv.transcanada.com	4045	null	null
livia_zufferli@monitor.com	4046	null	null
smutney@iepa.com	4047	null	null
lynner@mcn.org	4048	null	null
rdw0@pge.com	4049	null	null
thomas.bauer@enron.com	4050	null	null
bauer@enron.com	4050	null	null
marta@enron.com	4051	null	null
sriordan@houston.rr.com	4052	null	null
kelly.cook@enron.com	4053	null	null
dmcdaniel@akingump.com	4054	null	null
dmcdaniel@idacorpenergy.com	4054	null	null
rick.sierra@enron.com	4055	null	null
vuson@rice.edu	4056	null	null
orotres@hotmail.com	4057	null	null
chris.meyer@wt.net	4058	null	null
chris.meyer@enron.com	4058	null	null
wsager@geophysics.rice.edu	4059	null	null
adela.briner@trox.com	4060	null	null
jim.claffey@enron.com	4061	null	null
claffey@enron.com	4061	null	null
chernandez@reliantenergy.com	4062	null	null
bossbird@ev1.net	4063	null	null
education.announcement@mailman.enron.com	4064	null	null
pschneidau@fulbright.com	4065	null	null
robert.miller@enron.com	4066	null	null
technical_insights@xmr3.com	4067	null	null
insights@cera.com	4067	null	null
mukunah@winstim.com	4068	null	null
bmammf@earthlink.net	4069	null	null
tedchin@hotmail.com	4070	null	null
w..pereira@enron.com	4071	null	null
dusty.paez@enron.com	4072	null	null
mrobledo@ci.glendale.ca.us	4073	null	null
wendyx_352@netian.com	4074	null	null
jburgess@noblegas.com	4075	null	null
ggvsanders@aol.com	4076	null	null
bgibson50606@houston.rr.com	4077	null	null
bgibson50606@yahoo.com	4077	null	null
fans@ns.scs.es	4078	null	null
dennisjr@ev1.net	4079	null	null
jzdww11802@juno.com	4080	null	null
manitowich.ron@enron.com	4081	null	null
brianp@aiglincoln.com.pl	4082	null	null
brianp@aiglincoln.com	4082	null	null
abenoit@coral-energy.com	4083	null	null
plinehotelcs@production.priceline.com	4084	null	null
beer@teamfreeze.com	4085	null	null
beer@haas.berkeley.edu	4085	null	null
yapasu@enron.com	4086	null	null
yapasu@ect.enron.com	4086	null	null
martin.earle@enron.com	4087	null	null
sheila.tweed.@enron.com	4088	null	null
sheila@enron.com	4088	null	null
sheila@ctaonline.com	4088	null	null
sheila.tweed@enron.com	4088	null	null
.'sheila@enron.com	4088	null	null
michelle.sheehan@enron.com	4089	null	null
tom.motley@elpaso.com	4090	null	null
brandrup@enron.com	4091	null	null
victor.guggenheim@enron.com	4092	null	null
hotfarealert@hotwire.m0.net	4093	null	null
helpdesk@haas.berkeley.edu	4094	null	null
helpdesk@itsiprocess.com	4094	null	null
helpdesk@intcx.com	4094	null	null
helpdesk@mailman.enron.com	4094	null	null
rjnewson@duke-energy.com	4095	null	null
care-all.dl-isc@enron.com	4096	null	null
kim_monk@msn.com	4097	null	null
kim.monk@enron.com	4097	null	null
mabrown@ev1.net	4098	null	null
rita.hartfield@enron.com	4099	null	null
cmoore@akingump.com	4100	null	null
cmoore@moline.lth2.k12.il.us	4100	null	null
jeffrey.molinaro@enron.com	4101	null	null
robert.fowler@cfisd.net	4102	null	null
vvazquez@gas.pemex.com	4103	null	null
mgmccarthy@lfd.com	4104	null	null
christopherhose@hotmail.com	4105	null	null
catherine.debeaumont@relocationpartnership.com	4106	null	null
mark.dypiangco@enron.com	4107	null	null
ljacobe@lehman.com	4108	null	null
rtashbeck@compuserve.com	4109	null	null
ziyad@awad-singer.com	4110	null	null
james_naughton@em.fcnbd.com	4111	null	null
james_naughton@bankone.com	4111	null	null
morrow.diane@enron.com	4112	null	null
bokra2@mindspring.com	4113	null	null
ednao@esaibos.com	4114	null	null
roo6550@excite.com	4115	null	null
diane.becker@enron.com	4116	null	null
becker@enron.com	4116	null	null
kak@enron.com	4117	null	null
dzierott@yahoo.com	4118	null	null
rdalessandro@att.com	4119	null	null
milton.bolanos@enron.com	4120	null	null
stuart.bland@enron.com	4121	null	null
'bland@enron.com	4121	null	null
btipton@flowserve.com	4122	null	null
ykrtxpxndv@ever2.beontarget.com	4123	null	null
jerry.martin@enron.com	4124	null	null
scardozo@mindspring.com	4125	null	null
mgonzalez@nymex.com	4126	null	null
rvargas@hbs.edu	4127	null	null
maurits.schouten@csfp.co.uk	4128	null	null
maurits.schouten@csfb.com	4128	null	null
ken.adams@intcx.com	4129	null	null
lebend@tdbank.ca	4130	null	null
iloveyoukel8742@yahoo.com	4131	null	null
alex.gonzales@enron.com	4132	null	null
torrey.moorer@enron.com	4133	null	null
esimien@columbiaenergygroup.com	4134	null	null
esimien@nisource.com	4134	null	null
lwarren@tcoek12.org	4135	null	null
carlsonl@blackstone.com	4136	null	null
mpbs@psu.edu	4137	null	null
richard.hannum@enron.com	4138	null	null
mmcgown@velaw.com	4139	null	null
pln024@co.santa-cruz.ca.us	4140	null	null
laurie.k.brown@williams.com	4141	null	null
laurie.k.brown@williamsenergy.com	4141	null	null
grnthumb@ipa.netf	4142	null	null
cuocci-horan.beth@enron.com	4143	null	null
'poynter@enron.com	4144	null	null
mbedevian@nisource.com	4145	null	null
'ewing@enron.com	4146	null	null
diana.willigerod@enron.com	4147	null	null
jef070@cs.com	4148	null	null
scott.waples@avistacorp.com	4149	null	null
jochu@haas.berkeley.edu	4150	null	null
raul_rizopatron@hotmail.com	4151	null	null
scano@velaw.com	4152	null	null
wmontg6626@aol.cm	4153	null	null
wmontg6626@aol.com	4153	null	null
rep@haysmcconn.com	4154	null	null
sun.help@enron.com	4155	null	null
sun@enron.com	4155	null	null
sun_help@yahoo.com	4155	null	null
eigcirculation@networkats.com	4156	null	null
harry.s.arora@yahoo.com	4157	null	null
harry.arora@enron.com	4157	null	null
abcny@majordomo.law.com	4158	null	null
abcny@corp.law.com	4158	null	null
conference@milkeninstitute.org	4159	null	null
zdenek.gerych@enron.com	4160	null	null
susanchow@paulhastings.com	4161	null	null
dickersp@haynesboone.com	4162	null	null
rena_f_chaney@reliantenergy.com	4163	null	null
chaney@enron.com	4163	null	null
george.huan@enron.com	4164	null	null
h..george@enron.com	4164	null	null
thegramlich4@yahoo.com	4165	null	null
david.geffen@enron.com	4166	null	null
jschacht@schachtandassociates.com	4167	null	null
405953.124936407.2@1.americanexpress.com	4168	null	null
mktstathourahead@caiso.com	4169	null	null
scott.earnest@enron.com	4170	null	null
earnest@enron.com	4170	null	null
trwk7069@aol.com	4171	null	null
center.ets@enron.com	4172	null	null
ets.center@enron.com	4172	null	null
tmartin3079@msn.com	4173	null	null
acunningham@technologicp.com	4174	null	null
stevecavalier@email.msn.com	4175	null	null
eservice@coair.com	4176	null	null
jak@stateside.com	4177	null	null
valeried@timberline.com	4178	null	null
mtimmins@manfinancial.com	4179	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5033976-5010740-x3dpf1no@tumble2.datek.com	4180	null	null
tony.brown@enron.com	4181	null	null
jimlynch@mercatorenergy.com	4182	null	null
jbrenner@wilmer.com	4183	null	null
worldinvestor@mail.com	4184	null	null
emove@fc.uhaul.com	4185	null	null
alents49@hotmail.com	4186	null	null
karen.williams@enron.com	4187	null	null
xiaoming.ding@razorfish.com	4188	null	null
eric.weingarten@troutmansanders.com	4189	null	null
rschwartz@treesoft.com	4190	null	null
mbarksda@ems.jsc.nasa.gov	4191	null	null
kent.e.miller@dynegy.com	4192	null	null
kent.miller@enron.com	4192	null	null
kent.miller@dynegy.com	4192	null	null
spencer.donna@enron.com	4193	null	null
y..cheng@enron.com	4194	null	null
cheng.y@enron.com	4194	null	null
greta@globalvis.com	4195	null	null
effrey_skilling@enron.com	4196	null	null
effrey@enron.com	4196	null	null
effrey.skilling@enron.com	4196	null	null
shigeta@21stenergy.com	4197	null	null
thetherington@bracepatt.com	4198	null	null
move-team@enron.com	4199	null	null
michelle.cisneros@enron.com	4200	null	null
arajpal@coral-energy.com	4201	null	null
julia.ryan@pse.com	4202	null	null
rostker@enron.com	4203	null	null
sonnia.reyes@enron.com	4204	null	null
ramiro.garcia@enron.com	4205	null	null
fcarl@home.com	4206	null	null
lisa.jamison@pacificorp.com	4207	null	null
jackson.logan@enron.com	4208	null	null
sandip.malik@enron.com	4209	null	null
lcp@startupuniversity.com	4210	null	null
john.harrison@enron.com	4211	null	null
eddie.janzen@enron.com	4212	null	null
f..calger@enron.com	4213	null	null
calger@enron.com	4213	null	null
andrea.dulany@enron.com	4214	null	null
h.@enron.com	4215	null	null
shirley.walden@enron.com	4216	null	null
cdeleon202@hotmail.com	4217	null	null
gustavo.giron@enron.com	4218	null	null
friedland@enron.com	4219	null	null
ecdirect-daily@mail.energycentral.com	4220	null	null
gregory.rye@enron.com	4221	null	null
gas_control@enron.com	4222	null	null
lsherriff@btinternet.com	4223	null	null
sonnet.edmonds@mirant.com	4224	null	null
sonnet.edmonds@southernenergy.com	4224	null	null
maciejewski@enron.com	4225	null	null
grotelaw@aol.com	4226	null	null
decnopmichel@hotmail.com	4227	null	null
benedicta.tung@enron.com	4228	null	null
tung@unc.edu	4228	null	null
mwawro@susmangodfrey.com	4229	null	null
matheson@api.org	4230	null	null
mark.jackson@enron.com	4231	null	null
mark-jackson@houston.rr.com	4231	null	null
tshirtnews@lists.postmastergeneral.com	4232	null	null
armandd@ben.dev.upenn.edu	4233	null	null
david.ratliff@enron.com	4234	null	null
web-help@euromoneyplc.com	4235	null	null
web@diginsite.com	4235	null	null
web@theatlantic.com	4235	null	null
web@riskwaters.com	4235	null	null
msavage@clintonindustries.com	4236	null	null
lisa.schorbabin@gs.com	4237	null	null
stundermann@hampshire.edu	4238	null	null
twwilliams@tombrown.com	4239	null	null
jan.c.dunn@dynegy.com	4240	null	null
dunn@enron.com	4240	null	null
carolines@learningstrategies.com	4241	null	null
aywerth@hotmail.com	4242	null	null
customerservice.3750855.19572.640308@service.williams-sonoma.com	4243	null	null
june_dispatch@yahoo.es	4244	null	null
dispatch@epelectric.com	4244	null	null
smmayers@earthlink.net	4245	null	null
smmayers@attbi.com	4245	null	null
smmayers@home.com	4245	null	null
soheil@golfq.com	4246	null	null
b..clapp@enron.com	4247	null	null
bill.marks@mirant.com	4248	null	null
lisa.alderman@enron.com	4249	null	null
notification.isc@enron.com	4250	null	null
jmartin@saintanne.org	4251	null	null
jmartin@teskaassociates.com	4251	null	null
jmartin@uwtgc.org	4251	null	null
ethan.schultz@enron.com	4252	null	null
ethan.schultz@enron.net	4252	null	null
cindyb@waltersandwolf.com	4253	null	null
cguss@anaheim.net	4254	null	null
jjthomason@home.com	4255	null	null
sboyle@haas.berkeley.edu	4256	null	null
chiefs@ercot.com	4257	null	null
sean.riordan@enron.com	4258	null	null
sprunt.bryan@mindspring.com	4259	null	null
s..bryan@enron.com	4259	null	null
michael.weinstein@ipgdirect.com	4260	null	null
glenda.rodriguez@nerc.net	4261	null	null
glenda@nerc.com	4261	null	null
derryl.cleaveland@enron.com	4262	null	null
price.jane@enron.com	4263	null	null
price@enron.com	4263	null	null
steve.irvin@enron.com	4264	null	null
delozier.s-don@usa.conoco.com	4265	null	null
greg.whiting@enron.com	4266	null	null
whiting@sonic.net	4266	null	null
steel.dl-warriors@enron.com	4267	null	null
fletcjv@nu.com	4268	null	null
reiscast__wave_two.um.a.1013.349@reis-reports.unitymail.net	4269	null	null
reiscast__wave_two@reis-reports.unitymail.net	4269	null	null
pmims@enron.com	4270	null	null
pmims@velaw.com	4270	null	null
pmims@ect.enron.com	4270	null	null
ghaggerty@epcor.ca	4271	null	null
kyle.simson@enron.com	4272	null	null
mbrown@enol.com	4273	null	null
mbrown@socalgas.com	4273	null	null
jon'.'schmidt@enron.com	4274	null	null
jon.schmidt@enron.com	4274	null	null
kenneth.thibodeaux@enron.com	4275	null	null
thibodeaux@enron.com	4275	null	null
o'neill.paula@enron.com	4276	null	null
neill@alcoa.com	4276	null	null
danny.conner@enron.com	4277	null	null
liberal-arts-alumni@lists.cc.utexas.edu	4278	null	null
awad@enron.com	4279	null	null
'awad@enron.com	4279	null	null
scenergy@web.net	4280	null	null
alhamd.alkhayat@enron.com	4281	null	null
alkhayat@pdq.net	4281	null	null
teresac@haas.berkeley.edu	4282	null	null
dxh4@pge.com	4283	null	null
bill_allison@kne.com	4284	null	null
mgozon@paperexchange.com	4285	null	null
tptemp1@technologicp.com	4286	null	null
434003.35861757.2@1.americanexpress.com	4287	null	null
rcampo@camdenliving.com	4288	null	null
rcampo@camdenprop.com	4288	null	null
kendrick@enron.com	4289	null	null
10177420@mbox.surecom.com	4290	null	null
jbyrd@byrdinterior.com	4291	null	null
gcarlson@cenexharveststates.com	4292	null	null
gcarlson@cenex.com	4292	null	null
k26191@mail.pt	4293	null	null
k26191@iobox.fi	4293	null	null
bradley.samuelson@enron.com	4294	null	null
marysvillegolf@earthlink.net	4295	null	null
1800flowers.96663423@s2u2.com	4296	null	null
wiley.cauthen@enron.com	4297	null	null
cynthia.ramirez@enron.com	4298	null	null
morning18@alerts.equityalert.com	4299	null	null
bmark.blackdiamond@mobile.rogers.com	4300	null	null
ktakahashi@stoel.com	4301	null	null
robrob731@yahoo.com	4302	null	null
ladkins@cox-internet.com	4303	null	null
jespulliam@aol.com	4304	null	null
atruax@dot.state.tx.us	4305	null	null
premierpumpcompany@attbi.com	4306	null	null
premierpumpcompany@home.com	4306	null	null
premierpumpcompany@msn.com	4306	null	null
jwillia@earthlink.com	4307	null	null
jwillia@enron.com	4307	null	null
jwillia@odpqjjmrmtj.enron.com	4307	null	null
susan.perez@enron.com	4308	null	null
dmangham@serc1.org	4309	null	null
grinotice@itiliti.com	4310	null	null
craig.hall@enron.com	4311	null	null
craig.h.@enron.com	4311	null	null
christina.benkert@enron.com	4312	null	null
virginia.gates@us.pwcglobal.com	4313	null	null
virginia@nerc.com	4313	null	null
virginia@clarkfineart.com	4313	null	null
cantrell@wantabe.com	4314	null	null
normanc@aol.com	4315	null	null
josh-pekarsky@kekst.com	4316	null	null
isdanyoffice@isda.org	4317	null	null
anne.moisan@internationalsos.com	4318	null	null
gwendolyn.gray@enron.com	4319	null	null
"gray@enron.com	4319	null	null
gray@enron.com	4319	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_031390@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	4320	null	null
roxy77_7@yahoo.com	4321	null	null
jutta.schneider@cliffordchance.com	4322	null	null
schneider@enron.com	4322	null	null
schneider@tri.sbc.com	4322	null	null
lawrence.cobb@mms.gov	4323	null	null
renee.alfaro@enron.com	4324	null	null
corrier.brad@enron.com	4325	null	null
corrier'.'brad@enron.com	4325	null	null
corrier@enron.com	4325	null	null
corrier@cox-internet.com	4325	null	null
cannon2@swb.net	4326	null	null
cannon2@flash.net	4326	null	null
cannon2@swbell.net	4326	null	null
mike.mumford@enron.com	4327	null	null
david.shimko@e-rcm.com	4328	null	null
bgrealis@cinergy.com	4329	null	null
bristor'.'katherine@enron.com	4330	null	null
shannontyer@email.msn.com	4331	null	null
shannontyer@msn.net	4331	null	null
tang@excite.com	4332	null	null
tang@nytimes.com	4332	null	null
-iccalliccstaff@icc.state.il.us	4333	null	null
d..winfree@enron.com	4334	null	null
adam.dushinske@enron.com	4335	null	null
leah@echonyc.com	4336	null	null
leah@monm.edu	4336	null	null
neal.wood@conoco.com	4337	null	null
neal.wood@usa.conoco.com	4337	null	null
mlane@vignette.com	4338	null	null
dhollier@nisource.com	4339	null	null
stacy.dunegan@enron.com	4340	null	null
beth_jenkins@fpl.com	4341	null	null
beth.jenkins@enron.com	4341	null	null
virendra.patel@enron.com	4342	null	null
tqjtc8c3q@hotmail.com	4343	null	null
rcwl20011126@ombramarketing.com	4344	null	null
david.vandor@enron.com	4345	null	null
chrisrtowest@earthlink.net	4346	null	null
rfatehi@adaytum.com	4347	null	null
jlange61@aol.com	4348	null	null
donna.teal@enron.com	4349	null	null
dcrary2@lsu.edu	4350	null	null
angelia_guinara@hchd.tmc.edu	4351	null	null
mswadmin@elpaso.com	4352	null	null
john.millar@enron.com	4353	null	null
llewelyn.hughes@enron.com	4354	null	null
ashley.craddock@ac.com	4355	null	null
christopher.ducker@enron.com	4356	null	null
sayed.khoja@enron.com	4357	null	null
apgordon@uh.edu	4358	null	null
dasovich63@hotmail.com	4359	null	null
loshiro@cantor.com	4360	null	null
brookmanfw@aol.com	4361	null	null
sabrams@paragonsports.com	4362	null	null
ets.field.offices@enron.com	4363	null	null
thomas.bentz@americas.bnpparibas.com	4364	null	null
judy.thorne@enron.com	4365	null	null
new_releases_cdnow.6gyfmk8q.r@my.cdnow.com	4366	null	null
michelle.maynard@enron.com	4367	null	null
taperkins@southernco.com	4368	null	null
diana.profir@enron.com	4369	null	null
angela.matheson@enron.com	4370	null	null
matheson.a@enron.com	4370	null	null
cwhatche@hewitt.com	4371	null	null
tahnee_song@yahoo.com	4372	null	null
abh1@pge.com	4373	null	null
apazfrost@yahoo.com	4374	null	null
mog.heu@enron.com	4375	null	null
perea.maureen@enron.com	4376	null	null
gkarpinski@mindspring.com	4377	null	null
phil_gramm@gramm.senate.gov	4378	null	null
kay.khan@enron.com	4379	null	null
0126@aol.com	4380	null	null
debbie.nering@eal.ab.ca	4381	null	null
rugdoctor2002@yahoo.com	4382	null	null
cbielski@eei.org	4383	null	null
bill.william.iii@enron.com	4384	null	null
bill.iii@enron.com	4384	null	null
misscleo@customoffers.com	4385	null	null
roger.gahunia@enron.com	4386	null	null
darren.adamik@enron.com	4387	null	null
rwitherspoon@heartspring.org	4388	null	null
lawson@enron.com	4389	null	null
lawson@haas.berkeley.edu	4389	null	null
jerry.britain@enron.com	4390	null	null
maraschio@bpa.gov	4391	null	null
russell.diamond@enron.com	4392	null	null
diamond@powerin.org	4392	null	null
russell.diamond@rweamericas.com	4392	null	null
david.davidson@enron.com	4393	null	null
davidson@miami.edu	4393	null	null
davidson@ballardspahr.com	4393	null	null
candice.l.hendon@ac.com	4394	null	null
candice@enron.com	4394	null	null
terril@ahlr.com	4395	null	null
mwalker@ercot.com	4396	null	null
mwalker@avisonyoung-van.com	4396	null	null
travelsmith.193805661@s2u2.com	4397	null	null
crawford.284@osu.edu	4398	null	null
pdowney@southerngas.org	4399	null	null
whederman@columbiaenergygroup.com	4400	null	null
rcarey278@attbi.com	4401	null	null
rcarey278@home.com	4401	null	null
bourdon@haas.berkeley.edu	4402	null	null
gwendolyn.chavis@enron.com	4403	null	null
james.wright@enron.com	4404	null	null
tgraham@tinsleygroup.com	4405	null	null
hartsoe@enron.com	4406	null	null
marsha.shepherd@enron.com	4407	null	null
cmnavarro@yahoo.com	4408	null	null
sharex_rejects@sharex.com	4409	null	null
clfauxde@houston.rr.com	4410	null	null
thestreet.com46@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	4411	null	null
thestreet@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	4411	null	null
mgomez@uwtgc.org	4412	null	null
terr.henderson@accenture.com	4413	null	null
'henderson@enron.com	4413	null	null
pridmore.wayne@enron.com	4414	null	null
patricia.cruse@ucop.edu	4415	null	null
loretta.brooks@enron.com	4416	null	null
cxm2@pge.com	4417	null	null
lynn_miller@calpx.com	4418	null	null
l.miller@enron.com	4418	null	null
l..miller@enron.com	4418	null	null
natalie.anwar@enron.com	4419	null	null
natalie@layfamily.com	4419	null	null
pjpowerlaw@aol.com	4420	null	null
krumme@mdjlaw.com	4421	null	null
krumme@mdjwlaw.com	4421	null	null
maffett@kingwoodcable.com	4422	null	null
mary.phillips@enron.com	4423	null	null
joann_collins@ect.enron.com	4424	null	null
joann.collins@enron.com	4424	null	null
joann_collins@enron.com	4424	null	null
tedhall@longmeadowranch.com	4425	null	null
brad.schneider@enron.com	4426	null	null
robert.sandling@enron.com	4427	null	null
pwarren@rice.edu	4428	null	null
todesb@perryhomes.net	4429	null	null
alexus.rhone@enron.com	4430	null	null
djones1@columbiaenergygroup.com	4431	null	null
djones1@columbiaenergy.com	4431	null	null
csfbdirect@email.csfbdirect.com	4432	null	null
csfbdirect@csfbdirect.com	4432	null	null
tim.marsters@enron.com	4433	null	null
marsters@enron.com	4433	null	null
team.hugoton-field@enron.com	4434	null	null
barbara_morgen@aigi.com	4435	null	null
lisa.sawyer@enron.com	4436	null	null
melissa.jones@enron.com	4437	null	null
m..jones@enron.com	4437	null	null
jones.melissa@enron.com	4437	null	null
fargo@enron.com	4438	null	null
ssabol@stillmeadow.com	4439	null	null
anastasia.karabatsos@enron.com	4440	null	null
anastasia@omegamoulding.com	4440	null	null
mgreg526@aol.com	4441	null	null
porter.ron@enron.com	4442	null	null
kmullen@velaw.com	4443	null	null
mrice@ftenergy.com	4444	null	null
john.suttle@enron.com	4445	null	null
zuki1@earthlink.net	4446	null	null
stephen.swisher@enron.com	4447	null	null
energygroup@attglobal.net	4448	null	null
energygroup@buffalo.com	4448	null	null
fntugumal@msn.com	4449	null	null
john.bloomer@enron.com	4450	null	null
john_bloomer@enron.net	4450	null	null
bloomer@interdec.co.il	4450	null	null
toby.ellis@enron.com	4451	null	null
ellis@haas.berkeley.edu	4451	null	null
ellis@enron.com	4451	null	null
ellis@fix.net	4451	null	null
ernie.mail@enron.com	4452	null	null
ernie@enron.com	4452	null	null
walt.fenoglio@txu.com	4453	null	null
jonathan_weiss18@altavista.com	4454	null	null
drerupd@ds-s.com	4455	null	null
leond@blackenterprise.com	4456	null	null
nhall@sleh.com	4457	null	null
jimmie.williams@enron.com	4458	null	null
heidiblack@houston.rr.com	4459	null	null
carole.hodge@enron.com	4460	null	null
carole@aemhmr.org	4460	null	null
krchoi@sk-enron.com	4461	null	null
selectuser@smartmoney.com	4462	null	null
david.peterson@ndequality.com	4463	null	null
peterson@enron.com	4463	null	null
jzinn@proaxis.com	4464	null	null
scott.gardner@enron.com	4465	null	null
scott_gardner@pgn.com	4465	null	null
gardner@enron.com	4465	null	null
kirk.lenart@enron.com	4466	null	null
lebovitz@enron.com	4467	null	null
luchas.johnson@enron.com	4468	null	null
dennis.zitterkopf@enron.com	4469	null	null
mpkjr@aol.com	4470	null	null
gfl@blakes.com	4471	null	null
rlawrence@milbank.com	4472	null	null
itrezzo.agent@enron.com	4473	null	null
bcc3@pge.com	4474	null	null
lliming@real.com	4475	null	null
andy.dave@enron.com	4476	null	null
mike.j.miller@enron.com	4477	null	null
mike.miller@enron.com	4477	null	null
j..miller@enron.com	4477	null	null
j.miller@enron.com	4477	null	null
llorenz@socalgas.com	4478	null	null
jennifer.costa@neg.pge.com	4479	null	null
jocelynn.kilbourne@ecoutlook.com	4480	null	null
dhuber@mariner-energy.com	4481	null	null
connell@enron.com	4482	null	null
paraisocaribeno@uol.com.co	4483	null	null
mike.charchuk@telus.net	4484	null	null
fjat1357@yahoo.com	4485	null	null
howedja@aol.com	4486	null	null
physics123@yahoo.com	4487	null	null
mnavarro@gas.pemex.com	4488	null	null
mnavarro@gaas.pemex.com	4488	null	null
gil.schutza@enron.com	4489	null	null
travel@priceline.m0.net	4490	null	null
travel@expedia.com	4490	null	null
travel@support.expedia.com	4490	null	null
travel@offers.priceline.com	4490	null	null
dbehrman@ftenergy.com	4491	null	null
connie.erickson@enron.com	4492	null	null
kevin.wellenius@frontier-economics.com	4493	null	null
kevin.wellenius@frontiereconomics.com	4493	null	null
hartzell881@yahoo.com	4494	null	null
luke.mickum@engageenergy.com	4495	null	null
sheila_rich@eott.com	4496	null	null
antony.steiner@enron.com	4497	null	null
adriana.cortes@enron.com	4498	null	null
cbush@exchange.amgen.com	4499	null	null
cbush@amgen.com	4499	null	null
gvtzgktvqaa@hotmail.com	4500	null	null
jwhodge@columbiaenergygroup.com	4501	null	null
jwhodge@columbiaenergy.com	4501	null	null
cborowski@azurix.com	4502	null	null
jeanne.licciardo@enron.com	4503	null	null
paulo.issler@rweamericas.com	4504	null	null
paulo.issler@enron.com	4504	null	null
paulo@mit.edu	4504	null	null
insynconline.6p7cxwz3.d@insync-palm.com	4505	null	null
dkeyes@velaw.com	4506	null	null
lodgesarah@hotmail.com	4507	null	null
lesley.ayers@enron.com	4508	null	null
lesley@stsupery.com	4508	null	null
ayers@qp.com.qa	4508	null	null
cozzolino615@yahoo.com	4509	null	null
gmarkel@brobeck.com	4510	null	null
booth.chris@enron.com	4511	null	null
chris.booth@enron.com	4511	null	null
lysanys@yahoo.com	4512	null	null
janice.christensen@enron.com	4513	null	null
philippe.penet@enron.com	4514	null	null
robert.virgo@enron.com	4515	null	null
brenda_worley@ypo.org	4516	null	null
mike'.'deblanc@enron.com	4517	null	null
shannon.seagondollar@neg.pge.com	4518	null	null
rick.fresquez@enron.com	4519	null	null
jeff.brockwell@enron.com	4520	null	null
kharris@skippingstone.com	4521	null	null
kharris@tombrown.com	4521	null	null
ans.kind@nhh.no	4522	null	null
r-3-728387-2275130-2-6465-us2-d48f8bd2@xmr3.com	4523	null	null
cabaker@duke-energy.com	4524	null	null
sjacob@gpc.ca	4525	null	null
michael.kleiner@crestar-energy.com	4526	null	null
michael_kleiner@keyspancanada.com	4526	null	null
michael_kleiner@gulf.ca	4526	null	null
ze.powergroup.inc.@mailman.enron.com	4527	null	null
hll1svvkr@hotmail.com	4528	null	null
hitschel@bigfoot.com	4529	null	null
'hitschel@enron.com	4529	null	null
w..cantrell@enron.com	4530	null	null
'ev1.net@enron.com	4531	null	null
dsfildes@aol.com	4532	null	null
drhunt@watervalley.net	4533	null	null
marchris.johnson@enron.com	4534	null	null
greg_pyle@hp.com	4535	null	null
mtelle@velaw.com	4536	null	null
mahonl@pbworld.com	4537	null	null
emetz@snl.com	4538	null	null
scr@cpuc.ca.gov	4539	null	null
wbalson@crai.com	4540	null	null
wbalson@opt4.com	4540	null	null
peter.heintzelman@enron.com	4541	null	null
vicki.nimmo@healthcareins.com	4542	null	null
vicki@risk.co.uk	4542	null	null
ahelander@dttus.com	4543	null	null
ahelander@deloitte.com	4543	null	null
investfacts@utarget.sparklist.com	4544	null	null
targhee@grandtarghee.com	4545	null	null
drobe90@entergy.com	4546	null	null
blong@coral-energy.com	4547	null	null
price.lisa@enron.com	4548	null	null
chitra@iaccgh.com	4549	null	null
thackbarth@govadv.com	4550	null	null
aclark@firstcallassociates.com	4551	null	null
malcolm.wells@enron.com	4552	null	null
shannon.gries@enron.com	4553	null	null
marcus.nettelton@mondex.com	4554	null	null
nettelton.marcus@enron.com	4554	null	null
marcus.nettelton@enron.com	4554	null	null
jeani98@hotmail.com	4555	null	null
denis.o'connell@enron.com	4556	null	null
jennifer.richard@enron.com	4557	null	null
christopher.e.mitchell@msdw.com	4558	null	null
christopher.mitchell@morganstanley.com	4558	null	null
jeff.hodge@enron.com	4559	null	null
frois@enron.com	4560	null	null
spower@houstonballet.org	4561	null	null
monika.mckay@enron.com	4562	null	null
acej42@aol.com	4563	null	null
csellers@gunder.com	4564	null	null
csellers@perfect.com	4564	null	null
joel_brainard@dps.state.ny.us	4565	null	null
i00nlp@fds.com	4566	null	null
rmiranda@endesa.es	4567	null	null
david.shine@ubspw.com	4568	null	null
david.shine@ubspainewebber.com	4568	null	null
shine@enron.com	4568	null	null
skinnerj@central.edu	4569	null	null
jan.moore@enron.com	4570	null	null
1entireemailcontainer@testmail.ercot.com	4571	null	null
ft.com.special@newsbyemail.ft.com	4572	null	null
sean.zurbrick@enron.com	4573	null	null
1800flowers.79112731@s2u2.com	4574	null	null
legal.6@enron.com	4575	null	null
shaddock@hypercon.com	4576	null	null
jc@worldfan.com	4577	null	null
varholy@enron.com	4578	null	null
mmaruszewski@pomonacapital.com	4579	null	null
jkeil@mnpower.com	4580	null	null
p.grossweiler@att.net	4581	null	null
downes.andrew@enron.com	4582	null	null
downes@haas.berkeley.edu	4582	null	null
marcus.pullicino@enron.com	4583	null	null
heightsrunners@enron.com	4584	null	null
dttowns@swb.net	4585	null	null
dttowns@swbell.net	4585	null	null
jason.panos@enron.com	4586	null	null
stanton.ray@enron.com	4587	null	null
npembertonjmu@yahoo.com	4588	null	null
dduncan@tnrcc.state.tx.us	4589	null	null
smesser@rci.rutgers.edu	4590	null	null
yolanda_smith@horc.com	4591	null	null
economist.com.reader":@enron.com	4592	null	null
alluserstext@newsletter.ussoccer.com	4593	null	null
mtb@haysmcconn.com	4594	null	null
demerson@enron.com	4595	null	null
jhickman@columbiaenergygroup.com	4596	null	null
jhickman@nisource.com	4596	null	null
kwitcosky@portlanddev.org	4597	null	null
jshorter@wsicorp.com	4598	null	null
jshorter@txu.com	4598	null	null
smitnick@earthlink.net	4599	null	null
ahcl@dynegy.com	4600	null	null
prashant.bhairgond@enron.com	4601	null	null
rmsvote@ercot.com	4602	null	null
dizon_karen@jpmorgan.com	4603	null	null
karl.k.randall@shellenergy.shell.com	4604	null	null
karl_randall@cargill.com	4604	null	null
keene@enron.com	4605	null	null
keene@mac-dc-exch.kissingermclartyassociates.com	4605	null	null
dparque@enron.com	4606	null	null
dparque@ect.enron.com	4606	null	null
mortloan66@yahoo.com	4607	null	null
fleetmarkets@fleet.com	4608	null	null
ascentgr@pineland.net	4609	null	null
telle@enron.com	4610	null	null
dawn.kenne@enron.com	4611	null	null
kenne'.'dawn@enron.com	4611	null	null
davidasamuels@hotmail.com	4612	null	null
jparks@enron.com	4613	null	null
jparks@tnrcc.state.tx.us	4613	null	null
jarrod.cyprow@enron.com	4614	null	null
mwright@prebon.com	4615	null	null
nunesana6@hotmail.com	4616	null	null
bburgess@wm.com	4617	null	null
alicia.nguyen@enron.com	4618	null	null
donald.lynn@oscn.net	4619	null	null
mstewart@bmoh.com	4620	null	null
crbo@pge.com	4621	null	null
meo2@pge.com	4622	null	null
vroush@nisource.com	4623	null	null
clbrown@llgm.com	4624	null	null
ceklund@llgm.com	4625	null	null
focuscapital@msn.com	4626	null	null
focuscapital@email.msn.com	4626	null	null
mike_sarafolean@cargill.com	4627	null	null
reminder@myfamilyinc.com	4628	null	null
reminder@officefootballpool.com	4628	null	null
reminder@reply.myfamilyinc.com	4628	null	null
afishman@bracepatt.com	4629	null	null
enelson@socalgas.com	4630	null	null
lisa.doig@oemi.com	4631	null	null
tory.bracy@enron.com	4632	null	null
jose.favela@enron.com	4633	null	null
matthew.beck@enron.com	4634	null	null
morgan.sharifi@enron.com	4635	null	null
shellyr@pacifier.com	4636	null	null
eba@aga.org	4637	null	null
mmccalope@pdq.net	4638	null	null
dlmackler@worldnet.att.net	4639	null	null
marlene.hilliard@enron.com	4640	null	null
louis.charles@enron.com	4641	null	null
louis@balanceconsult.com	4641	null	null
louis@lfcompany.com	4641	null	null
vitaly.lee@aes.com	4642	null	null
vitaly@enron.com	4642	null	null
ryan.donovan@ubsw.com	4643	null	null
donovan@enron.com	4643	null	null
auditalk@audi.com	4644	null	null
vladimir.blinov@enron.com	4645	null	null
lilienthal.brent@enron.com	4646	null	null
dfugate@sandomenico.org	4647	null	null
wlw@idcomm.com	4648	null	null
rlaird@natsource.ca	4649	null	null
rlaird@oebi.com	4649	null	null
rmetz@unimarkllc.com	4650	null	null
rmetz@unimakrllc.com	4650	null	null
knotestine@mciworldcom.net	4651	null	null
knotestine@littler.com	4651	null	null
alan.nueman@enron.com	4652	null	null
nekesha.clark@enron.com	4653	null	null
mark.stubley@enron.com	4654	null	null
eric.fornell@jpmorgan.com	4655	null	null
david.hensel@enron.com	4656	null	null
maximum_taco@staff.thespark.com	4657	null	null
mark.schmidt@enron.com	4658	null	null
m..schmidt@enron.com	4658	null	null
caduran@hotmail.com	4659	null	null
jack.howard@enron.com	4660	null	null
ken.christensen@powerpool.ab.ca	4661	null	null
germano.blair@enron.com	4662	null	null
bushnews@georgewbush.com	4663	null	null
matthew.james@enron.com	4664	null	null
scott.coburn@enron.com	4665	null	null
doodoc@hotmail.com	4666	null	null
amccauley@portera.com	4667	null	null
glenn.martin@enron.com	4668	null	null
jennd@pdq.net	4669	null	null
henry.means@enron.com	4670	null	null
adam.wais@mojocoffee.cc	4671	null	null
42.9060.f5-lt3r_gcf12admuj8ksrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	4672	null	null
all.w@enron.com	4673	null	null
user.outage2@enron.com	4674	null	null
user@www.tndkorea.com	4674	null	null
user@mailman.enron.com	4674	null	null
linnierozelle@compaq.net	4675	null	null
mayres@lighthouse-energy.com	4676	null	null
tom.marcotte@enron.com	4677	null	null
shalperins@yahoo.com	4678	null	null
raush@conpapers.com	4679	null	null
grads@queue.ieor.berkeley.edu	4680	null	null
barnard.amanda@enron.com	4681	null	null
servello'.'anthony@enron.com	4682	null	null
servello.anthony@enron.com	4682	null	null
jim.colosi@compaq.com	4683	null	null
grcmwebmaster@mail.house.gov	4684	null	null
carole_frank@excite.com	4685	null	null
carole.frank@enron.com	4685	null	null
stephen.thatcher@ubsw.com	4686	null	null
stephen.thatcher@enron.com	4686	null	null
na-incoming@enron.com	4687	null	null
na@justarrive.com	4687	null	null
mayspecials@ino.com	4688	null	null
ricardo_a_lozano@calpx.com	4689	null	null
anitha.mathis@enron.com	4690	null	null
michele_yoskovich@mckinsey.com	4691	null	null
nina.fortune@enron.com	4692	null	null
rcsl20011119@ombramarketing.com	4693	null	null
leslie.aberson@enron.com	4694	null	null
leslie@hgea.org	4694	null	null
dewitt@nycap.rr.com	4695	null	null
visit_thailand@hotmail.com	4696	null	null
lwolf@csc.com	4697	null	null
lwolf@greenwichtech.com	4697	null	null
htebs@huber.com	4698	null	null
keith.comeaux@enron.com	4699	null	null
atanpoco@telesto-inc.net	4700	null	null
ken.lay@enron.com	4701	null	null
ken_lay@enron.com	4701	null	null
ken_lay@enron.net	4701	null	null
ken.lay-@enron.com	4701	null	null
sstack@ect.enron.com	4702	null	null
sstack@enron.com	4702	null	null
sstack@reliant.com	4702	null	null
x32323@usma.edu	4703	null	null
david.wile@enron.com	4704	null	null
gclark@skadden.com	4705	null	null
james.sumpter@enron.com	4706	null	null
chriscollins@velaw.com	4707	null	null
erb@mac.com	4708	null	null
erb@apple.com	4708	null	null
erb@enron.com	4708	null	null
'erb@enron.com	4708	null	null
bperrone@columbiaenergy.com	4709	null	null
snapshotro@aol.com	4710	null	null
f..herod@enron.com	4711	null	null
williambwf@usa.net	4712	null	null
kevin.mcgowan@enron.com	4713	null	null
nlim@isda.org	4714	null	null
brentforking@hotmail.com	4715	null	null
zistlerf@wallacegarcia.com	4716	null	null
samuel.pak@enron.com	4717	null	null
maria02@aftonbladet.se	4718	null	null
maria02@a2000.cl	4718	null	null
clifford.jackson@enron.com	4719	null	null
pool.smiley@enron.com	4720	null	null
smiley@flash.net	4720	null	null
psterling@mhcable.com	4721	null	null
connely.mark@enron.com	4722	null	null
z.salinas@enron.com	4723	null	null
fran@dollingers.com	4724	null	null
fran@zembu.com	4724	null	null
cmajors@dialaccess.com	4725	null	null
lazic@enron.com	4726	null	null
chris.glenn@enron.com	4727	null	null
rob.milnthorp@enron.com	4728	null	null
milnthorp@enron.com	4728	null	null
marcia.anderson@enron.com	4729	null	null
tom.hopwood@gte.net	4730	null	null
kdstep@ceg.com	4731	null	null
townsend.christopher@enron.com	4732	null	null
christopher.townsend@piperrudnick.com	4732	null	null
carrollrobinsonforcongress@hypermail.cc	4733	null	null
raniere.1@osu.edu	4734	null	null
mlaughlin@taoil.com	4735	null	null
mlaughlin@btaoil.com	4735	null	null
174@newmail.net	4736	null	null
174@daum.net	4736	null	null
greg.henderson@kiodex.com	4737	null	null
sjfliflet@duke-energy.com	4738	null	null
rbanks@mariner-energy.com	4739	null	null
winbigstuff@customoffers.com	4740	null	null
diana.perez@enron.com	4741	null	null
andrew.yoon@weil.com	4742	null	null
josabank_online.um.a.12.637@vremail.com	4743	null	null
josabank@specials.josbank.com	4743	null	null
enerfaxenergy@modernmediaohio.com	4744	null	null
pjmysyk@netscape.net	4745	null	null
sharon.dick@enron.com	4746	null	null
afternoon26@alerts.equityalert.com	4747	null	null
ariel.cerantola@enron.com	4748	null	null
stella.morris@enron.com	4749	null	null
jwimberly@caem.org	4750	null	null
yellow29s@entertec.com	4751	null	null
gwynn.gorsuch@enron.com	4752	null	null
networkcommerce-rclm20011218@ombramarketing.com	4753	null	null
andreas.schoepf@liwest.at	4754	null	null
fanryan@haas.berkeley.edu	4755	null	null
proactiveupdate@proactivenet.com	4756	null	null
issuealert@scientech.com	4757	null	null
kulkite@aol.com	4758	null	null
lcm@rice.edu	4759	null	null
jackadams@ercot.com	4760	null	null
kimberly.nelson@enron.com	4761	null	null
bcurrey@omm.com	4762	null	null
japan.group@enron.com	4763	null	null
issupport@imagestation.com	4764	null	null
lynnj@iname.com	4765	null	null
e27062@ok.ru	4766	null	null
sbiscoe@cmsenergy.com	4767	null	null
pool.tj@enron.com	4768	null	null
marvin.rosenberg@ferc.fed.us	4769	null	null
herb_caballero@enron.net	4770	null	null
hall-b@msn.com	4771	null	null
thomas.gygax@enron.com	4772	null	null
gdquereau@hahnlaw.com	4773	null	null
annabelle.brown@enron.com	4774	null	null
a..brown@enron.com	4774	null	null
insynconline.6xywpjw3.d@insync-palm.com	4775	null	null
dsmith3@enron.com	4776	null	null
ealto@viviance.com	4777	null	null
jon.chapman@enron.com	4778	null	null
chapman@enron.com	4778	null	null
jon_chapman@enron.com	4778	null	null
rozmusg@coned.com	4779	null	null
jonathon.mckay@enron.com	4780	null	null
lcg@europa.com	4781	null	null
boykin@sbcglobal.net	4782	null	null
michael.l.brunner@rssmb.com	4783	null	null
charlotte.baldock@enron.com	4784	null	null
charlotte@wptf.org	4784	null	null
fallen@zahrsecurities.com	4785	null	null
add2@pge.com	4786	null	null
scott.campbell@enron.com	4787	null	null
masonj@dow.com	4788	null	null
wanda.labaume@enron.com	4789	null	null
rnapda@aol.com	4790	null	null
networkcommerce-tdcd20011221@ombramarketing.com	4791	null	null
keith.brown@groupwise.swgas.com	4792	null	null
erikpruyt@yahoo.com	4793	null	null
ani_borgmeyer@fpl.com	4794	null	null
ann.stagg@biosgroup.com	4795	null	null
gisselle.rohmer@enron.com	4796	null	null
webb@cisaustin.org	4797	null	null
insider@newsletters.businessweek.com	4798	null	null
insider@businessweek.com	4798	null	null
insider@travelocity.m0.net	4798	null	null
jjagernauth@risk.co.uk	4799	null	null
rhaynes@poloralphlauren.com	4800	null	null
neustaedter@enron.com	4801	null	null
paul.jones@enron.com	4802	null	null
stringer.alison@epenergy.com	4803	null	null
piernot.bill@enron.com	4804	null	null
piernot@enron.com	4804	null	null
michael.gapinski@painewebber.com	4805	null	null
'gapinski@enron.com	4805	null	null
michael.gapinski@ubspw.com	4805	null	null
michael.gapinski@ubspainewebber.com	4805	null	null
gapinski@enron.com	4805	null	null
david.kelly@ubsw.com	4806	null	null
gtanet@greenwichtreasuryadvisors.com	4807	null	null
r-0-56294-4033936-2-5753-us2-a4ed352d@xmr3.com	4808	null	null
hemu@dynegy.com	4809	null	null
j1a95re39d@yahoo.com	4810	null	null
greg.cordell@enron.com	4811	null	null
'cordell@enron.com	4811	null	null
dave.allen@enron.com	4812	null	null
bill.rubinsky@usa.xerox.com	4813	null	null
bill.rubinsky@enron.com	4813	null	null
bafpco@aol.com	4814	null	null
6566@aol.com	4815	null	null
jnissl@healthwise.org	4816	null	null
bzeman@fame.com	4817	null	null
michael.kaspereit@enron.com	4818	null	null
jin.guo@enron.com	4819	null	null
guo@haas.berkeley.edu	4819	null	null
joseph.cialone@bakerbotts.com	4820	null	null
mark.dana.davis@enron.com	4821	null	null
mark.davis@enron.com	4821	null	null
on49fer@mailman.enron.com	4822	null	null
naturalgas@cantor.com	4823	null	null
mona.l.petrochko@enron.com	4824	null	null
mona.petrochko@enron.com	4824	null	null
petrochko.mona@enron.com	4824	null	null
l..petrochko@enron.com	4824	null	null
mona_l_petrochko@enron.com	4824	null	null
r..harrington@enron.com	4825	null	null
c..gossett@enron.com	4826	null	null
gossett@enron.com	4826	null	null
portney@rff.org	4827	null	null
portney@enron.com	4827	null	null
john.kinser@enron.com	4828	null	null
j.kinser@enron.com	4828	null	null
cbrownin@utilicorp.com	4829	null	null
lmeyer2@brobeck.com	4830	null	null
sue.edwards@cliffordchance.com	4831	null	null
accthelp@cooltravelassistant.com	4832	null	null
accthelp@support.expedia.com	4832	null	null
accthelp@expedia.com	4832	null	null
matthew.flett@morganstanley.com	4833	null	null
matthew.flett@msdw.com	4833	null	null
parks_kim@da.co.harris.tx.us	4834	null	null
robert.wilcott@enron.com	4835	null	null
rhonda.l.denton@enron.com	4836	null	null
rhonda.denton@enron.com	4836	null	null
l..denton@enron.com	4836	null	null
andrea.p.williams@us.pwcglobal.com	4837	null	null
andrea.p.williams@pwcglobal.com	4837	null	null
andrea.williams@enron.com	4837	null	null
sunny.rodgers@enron.com	4838	null	null
lsachs@perseusllc.com	4839	null	null
dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	4840	null	null
cshanbhogue@aol.com	4841	null	null
ryecatcher64@hotmail.com	4842	null	null
maryjo_ellen@yahoo.com	4843	null	null
maryjo@cpcgolf.com	4843	null	null
maryjo@scfadvisors.com	4843	null	null
wunder@copn.com	4844	null	null
christine.meloro@newpower.com	4845	null	null
bbailey@duke-energy.com	4846	null	null
detraylor@mail.ev1.net	4847	null	null
dave.miller@enron.com	4848	null	null
evansrose7@earthlink.net	4849	null	null
fwb@umich.edu	4850	null	null
john.lamb@enron.com	4851	null	null
lamb@wrightlaw.com	4851	null	null
frank.prejean@enron.com	4852	null	null
gina.bess@mail.state.ky.us	4853	null	null
gina@enron.com	4853	null	null
gina@clarkbattery.com	4853	null	null
jhughes@elcon.org	4854	null	null
jhughes@sppc.com	4854	null	null
scrain@bracepatt.com	4855	null	null
randoo@gateway.net	4856	null	null
cmrossdraw@aol.com	4857	null	null
jbrewer.leathercenter@leathercenter.com	4858	null	null
pryor@enron.com	4859	null	null
eric.grest@us.cgeyc.com	4860	null	null
eric.grest@enron.com	4860	null	null
e..kelly@enron.com	4861	null	null
rweiss@grammer.de	4862	null	null
rweiss@lehman.com	4862	null	null
friedhoff.strphanie@enron.com	4863	null	null
queen28cmh@aol.com	4864	null	null
instant_winner@customoffers.com	4865	null	null
investor-relations@enron.com	4866	null	null
investor@mailboy.enron.com	4866	null	null
investor@mailman.enron.com	4866	null	null
investor@puget.com	4866	null	null
jfielder@hesinet.com	4867	null	null
hmlight@aol.com	4868	null	null
gary.maestas@enron.com	4869	null	null
alewis8080@gnn.com	4870	null	null
gulay.soykok@enron.com	4871	null	null
michael.yambrach@enron.com	4872	null	null
cindyglass@austin.rr.com	4873	null	null
damcree@duke-energy.com	4874	null	null
johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	4875	null	null
wally.tippin@enron.com	4876	null	null
preferred_traveler@customoffers.com	4877	null	null
preferred@travelocity.m0.net	4877	null	null
dawn.rodriguez@enron.com	4878	null	null
h.fields@enron.com	4879	null	null
kmchale@poseidon1.com	4880	null	null
griordan@reliant.com	4881	null	null
wade.cline@enron.com	4882	null	null
mark.cook@enron.com	4883	null	null
shari.wicks@enron.com	4884	null	null
mbaddour@msn.com	4885	null	null
joseph.pestana@enron.com	4886	null	null
cpryor@caiso.com	4887	null	null
jim.meyer@enron.com	4888	null	null
tdexe@bpa.gov	4889	null	null
parsley.louise@enron.com	4890	null	null
ccheek@enron.com	4891	null	null
webseminars@blazesoft.com	4892	null	null
atul.davda@enron.com	4893	null	null
jpadleschat@sempra.com	4894	null	null
carrie.larkworthy@enron.com	4895	null	null
deb@econweb.com	4896	null	null
deb@a-klaw.com	4896	null	null
deb@aelaw.com	4896	null	null
kuper@wt.net	4897	null	null
pchenderson@mindspring.com	4898	null	null
corporate-responsiblity@enron.com	4899	null	null
leo.weaver@edwards.af.mil	4900	null	null
eleni@stanford.edu	4901	null	null
lcraft@opt4.com	4902	null	null
morris.richard.clark@enron.com	4903	null	null
amy.beck@enron.com	4904	null	null
saldijg@texaco.com	4905	null	null
andy.mitrey@enron.com	4906	null	null
mitrey.andy@enron.com	4906	null	null
michael.finger@enron.com	4907	null	null
rrcs_98@yahoo.com	4908	null	null
patricia.henry@enron.com	4909	null	null
emmacaplan@bootsnall.net	4910	null	null
cclark777@yahoo.com	4911	null	null
m..melman@enron.com	4912	null	null
john.west@enron.com	4913	null	null
pamela.milano@enron.com	4914	null	null
aociep@sgh.waw.pl	4915	null	null
expediatraveldeals_029350@expedia.customer-email.com	4916	null	null
paul.wyler@ch.glencore.com	4917	null	null
lolshovsky@x-cavate.com	4918	null	null
astiner@tiffany.com	4919	null	null
dharris1@txu.com	4920	null	null
dwalkup@pclient.ml.com	4921	null	null
jennifer.h.staton@us.arthurandersen.com	4922	null	null
jennifer.staton@enron.com	4922	null	null
jennifer.h.staton@us.andersen.com	4922	null	null
sengnk@prairielands.com	4923	null	null
pat.cini@enron.com	4924	null	null
greg.mcelwee@csfb.com	4925	null	null
mcelwee@enron.com	4925	null	null
neal'.'symms@enron.com	4926	null	null
neal.symms@enron.com	4926	null	null
eve.puckett@enron.com	4927	null	null
eve@a-klaws.com	4927	null	null
eve@a-klaw.com	4927	null	null
malle@enron.com	4928	null	null
brenda.garza@enron.com	4929	null	null
onica.lewis@enron.com	4930	null	null
lpliska@haas.berkeley.edu	4931	null	null
kkoch@nisource.com	4932	null	null
peter.esposito@dynegy.com	4933	null	null
esposito@artcenter.edu	4933	null	null
cchristensen@erehab.com	4934	null	null
cchristensen@bctgm.org	4934	null	null
mzalta@dmbb.com	4935	null	null
azbybrown@aol.com	4936	null	null
harlos@jove.acs.unt.edu	4937	null	null
jonesday@jonesday.com	4938	null	null
cridin@puget.com	4939	null	null
cromwell@sullcrom.com	4940	null	null
rfunk@tosco.com	4941	null	null
fhill@epelectric.com	4942	null	null
timothy.b.rebhorn@enron.com	4943	null	null
timothy.rebhorn@enron.com	4943	null	null
zanychris@hotmail.com	4944	null	null
cindy'.'olson@enron.com	4945	null	null
cindy.olson@enron.com	4945	null	null
olson@enron.com	4945	null	null
peter.cameron@iue.it	4946	null	null
jeff.smith@wachovia.com	4947	null	null
jeff.smith@enron.com	4947	null	null
jeff_smith@afcc.com	4947	null	null
upduqueen@aol.com	4948	null	null
glenn.leslie@blakes.com	4949	null	null
steve.woods@enron.com	4950	null	null
daniel.stephens@enron.com	4951	null	null
stephens@haas.berkeley.edu	4951	null	null
bob.shults@enron.com	4952	null	null
donald.petersen@enron.com	4953	null	null
bperron@columbiaenergygroup.com	4954	null	null
bperron@columbiaenergy.com	4954	null	null
msngamingzone_025796@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	4955	null	null
frank.semin@dynegy.com	4956	null	null
frank.semin@enron.com	4956	null	null
david.ayers@enron.com	4957	null	null
ted.m.frois@exxon.com	4958	null	null
rcac20011118@ombramarketing.com	4959	null	null
jaap.smink@ps.ge.com	4960	null	null
julie.nickell@enron.com	4961	null	null
suzanne.brown@enron.com	4962	null	null
vsuchdev@lehman.com	4963	null	null
mshapiro@gm.com	4964	null	null
johnnie.white@enron.com	4965	null	null
networkcommerce-rche20011210@ombramarketing.com	4966	null	null
roger.ross@weil.com	4967	null	null
godfrey.h.@enron.com	4968	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5582071-5558837-mj7g1i4b@tumble2.datek.com	4969	null	null
mtessicini@iso-ne.com	4970	null	null
jeffreymg@21stcentury.net	4971	null	null
lmdownes@njresources.com	4972	null	null
frank.vout@enron.com	4973	null	null
rbe@mail.internet.com.mx	4974	null	null
paul.sims@enron.com	4975	null	null
bus.admin-hou@enron.com	4976	null	null
users.dl-enron@enron.com	4977	null	null
users.enron@enron.com	4977	null	null
enron.users@enron.com	4977	null	null
dalbritton@cox.rr.com	4978	null	null
peter.wu@mitac.com	4979	null	null
wu@enron.com	4979	null	null
a20712@jippii.fi	4980	null	null
jobcenter@mail.energycentral.com	4981	null	null
bthoskins@hotmail.com	4982	null	null
boettcherk@hasson.com	4983	null	null
jonathon.pielop@enron.com	4984	null	null
akatz@eei.org	4985	null	null
akatz@eei.com	4985	null	null
woo@enron.com	4986	null	null
willis.philip@enron.com	4987	null	null
gail_jones@transcanada.com	4988	null	null
charlene.richmond@enron.com	4989	null	null
brothers@amgen.com	4990	null	null
ggreen2@txu.com	4991	null	null
teresa.bushman@enron.com	4992	null	null
torgerson.todd@enron.com	4993	null	null
djw@kwi.com	4994	null	null
twyla_s_strogen@cngt.cng.com	4995	null	null
mtaylo1@enron.com	4996	null	null
mtaylo1@ect.enron.com	4996	null	null
mtaylo1@notes.enron.com	4996	null	null
foruu@ematic.com	4997	null	null
gary.gault@ngx.com	4998	null	null
gault.gary@enron.com	4998	null	null
c23266@thai2k.com	4999	null	null
nhernandez@adolphus.com	5000	null	null
nhernandez@cera.com	5000	null	null
deake@cch.com	5001	null	null
k3u2@yahoo.com	5002	null	null
wineshopper_com.b43nzyh.b3@newsletter.wineshopper.com	5003	null	null
b3@mailman.enron.com	5003	null	null
art.bieser@enron.com	5004	null	null
kmschutte@hotmail.com	5005	null	null
leonard.hendricks@telus.com	5006	null	null
leonard@haas.berkeley.edu	5006	null	null
w2bmadxd8d29d@hotmail.com	5007	null	null
6f4b8768-8c722ce7-86256887-735eaa@enron.com	5008	null	null
lmrig@euci.com	5009	null	null
lmrig@uswest.net	5009	null	null
lmrig@qwest.net	5009	null	null
joeb@dnr.state.la.us	5010	null	null
james.studdert@enron.com	5011	null	null
garya@mail2.allegro.net	5012	null	null
winston80@aol.com	5013	null	null
erms@bloomberg.net	5014	null	null
edward.attanasio@enron.com	5015	null	null
edward_attanasio@eott.com	5015	null	null
edward.attanasio@eott.com	5015	null	null
zach.moring@enron.com	5016	null	null
steve.roeder@enron.com	5017	null	null
mark.hawkins@mercadogas.com	5018	null	null
mark.hawkins@southernunion.com	5018	null	null
matt.hsu@interwoven.com	5019	null	null
jg149601@aol.com	5020	null	null
morning27@alerts.equityalert.com	5021	null	null
tom.mcerlean@ubsw.com	5022	null	null
puthigai@enron.com	5023	null	null
'todd'.delahoussaye@enron.com	5024	null	null
pghosh@adventis.com	5025	null	null
rdwilson@kpmg.com	5026	null	null
matt.sample@enform.com	5027	null	null
matt.sample@enron.com	5027	null	null
sample@enron.com	5027	null	null
timothy.weil@enron.com	5028	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.105487@joinmail.ccbn.com	5029	null	null
upco4@restructuringtoday.com	5030	null	null
astacy@remedy.com	5031	null	null
don_lynn@pacbell.net	5032	null	null
evelyn.d.henninger@uth.tmc.edu	5033	null	null
evelyn@enron.com	5033	null	null
evelyn@wscc.com	5033	null	null
carol.coale@enron.com	5034	null	null
jwest@utilicorp.com	5035	null	null
pguerrero@anthonysylvan.com	5036	null	null
michael.trahan@painewebber.com	5037	null	null
michael.trahan@enron.com	5037	null	null
michael.trahan@ubspainewebber.com	5037	null	null
mdhubley@ex-sp.com	5038	null	null
cyndie.balfour-flanagan@enron.com	5039	null	null
white.lamar@enron.com	5040	null	null
dsull@hbs.edu	5041	null	null
rob.picciotto@enron.com	5042	null	null
craig.taylor@enron.com	5043	null	null
cheryl.brinkman@mckhboc.com	5044	null	null
cheryl.brinkman@mckesson.com	5044	null	null
sharebuilder_037538@netstock.customer-email.com	5045	null	null
ewagner@pdq.net	5046	null	null
ges@houston.rr.com	5047	null	null
sandra.mcnichols@enron.com	5048	null	null
marie.raver@enron.com	5049	null	null
te3994@boxmailsbc.doc	5050	null	null
harry'.'reasoner@enron.com	5051	null	null
harry.reasoner@enron.com	5051	null	null
tamara_stamport@dell.com	5052	null	null
jmaestre@aol.com	5053	null	null
financialengines@financialengines.0mm.com	5054	null	null
marc.r.cutler@bankofamerica.com	5055	null	null
marc_cutler@bmc.com	5055	null	null
marc.r.cutler@bankamerica.com	5055	null	null
rusty.belflower@enron.com	5056	null	null
ldryink@aol.com	5057	null	null
hotdeals@bestfares.com	5058	null	null
hotdeals@800.com	5058	null	null
hotdeals@specials.funjet.com	5058	null	null
hotdeals@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	5058	null	null
hotdeals@mail.bestfares.net	5058	null	null
hotdeals@reply.pm0.net	5058	null	null
yardbird123@aol.com	5059	null	null
william.stuart@enron.com	5060	null	null
tcastleman@ftenergy.com	5061	null	null
ge.americas@enron.com	5062	null	null
petej@andrews-kurth.com	5063	null	null
ross.bill@enron.com	5064	null	null
susanabyers@nyc.rr.com	5065	null	null
richard-zapalac@reliantenergy.com	5066	null	null
davem@cajunusa.com	5067	null	null
mdorgan@celestica.com	5068	null	null
'kloehr@enron.com	5069	null	null
rthurs829@aol.com	5070	null	null
janetgj@erols.com	5071	null	null
amanda.colpean@enron.com	5072	null	null
jadams2@enron.com	5073	null	null
rosenberry@contextvision.se	5074	null	null
ocplus@maininc.org	5075	null	null
bgibson@clri.com	5076	null	null
wnyfto2n1ki6u@hotmail.com	5077	null	null
peter_burrell@yahoo.com	5078	null	null
rbuy@ect.enron.com	5079	null	null
rbuy@enron.com	5079	null	null
'skopec@enron.com	5080	null	null
michael.abraham@us.arthuranderson.com	5081	null	null
michael.abraham@us.arthurandersen.com	5081	null	null
mayorkatz@ci.portland.or.us	5082	null	null
subroto.roy@riskmetrics.com	5083	null	null
confidential@audioc.com	5084	null	null
rob.brown@enron.com	5085	null	null
dtdoot@dbh.com	5086	null	null
countrybriefingseditor-admin@lists.economist.com	5087	null	null
texex@texas.net	5088	null	null
bod@ercot.com	5089	null	null
party@kitkat.org	5090	null	null
cdicastro@mfrgroup.com	5091	null	null
doris_foster@eott.com	5092	null	null
doris.foster@enron.com	5092	null	null
joseph.p.hirl@enron.com	5093	null	null
joseph.hirl@enron.com	5093	null	null
ecards@atkinsnews.com	5094	null	null
jim.coffey@enron.com	5095	null	null
melick@texas1031.com	5096	null	null
debra.bailey@enron.com	5097	null	null
terry.west@enron.com	5098	null	null
frank.billington@oatiinc.com	5099	null	null
valbina@nea.org	5100	null	null
john.keiser@enron.com	5101	null	null
jbelcher@chemweek.com	5102	null	null
dtorkelson@snwsc.com	5103	null	null
insure@teamfreeze.com	5104	null	null
purenrg123@aol.com	5105	null	null
alex.alexander@db.com	5106	null	null
anthony.barr@enron.com	5107	null	null
barr@mailman.enron.com	5107	null	null
g18361@home.ro	5108	null	null
linda.pesut@enron.com	5109	null	null
lunadeinvierno@hotmail.com	5110	null	null
ckhalla@swbell.net	5111	null	null
cbennett@whaler.com	5112	null	null
cbennett@tnrcc.state.tx.us	5112	null	null
dora_thurmond@uniteddc.com	5113	null	null
dora_thurmond@llgm.com	5113	null	null
thurmond@uniteddc.com	5113	null	null
_thurmond@uniteddc.com	5113	null	null
jose13580@yahoo.com	5114	null	null
kpm@maininc.org	5115	null	null
kpm@verner.com	5115	null	null
jdoerr@kpcb.com	5116	null	null
bronwyn_tull@lycos.com	5117	null	null
bkeoflab@aol.com	5118	null	null
jmd@mit.edu	5119	null	null
jmd@personix.fiserv.com	5119	null	null
jmd@maininc.org	5119	null	null
home'.'reid@enron.com	5120	null	null
home@casa-de-clarke.com	5120	null	null
enron.chairman@enron.com	5121	null	null
chairman.enron@enron.com	5121	null	null
chairman@enron.com	5121	null	null
foothill@lmi.net	5122	null	null
debra.scurlock@enron.com	5123	null	null
maryf@riskinc.com	5124	null	null
kiran.parthasarathy@cmenergy.com	5125	null	null
sherrie.reinartz-sera@enron.com	5126	null	null
pdowd.houston_fannin1_po.central_dom@firstunion1.com	5127	null	null
pdowd@firstunion1.com	5127	null	null
kdw@cpuc.ca.gov	5128	null	null
scott_d_long@hotmail.com	5129	null	null
expediafaretracker_029834@expedia.customer-email.com	5130	null	null
jmckenzi@banksterling.com	5131	null	null
smanganaro@njng.com	5132	null	null
mary.coombe@enron.com	5133	null	null
enron-owner@lists.qgadc.com	5134	null	null
/o=enron@enron.com	5134	null	null
james_garven@baylor.edu	5135	null	null
jeffery.fawcett@enron.com	5136	null	null
bgacg@flash.net	5137	null	null
hotboynaz@yahoo.com	5138	null	null
aamron@wexford.com	5139	null	null
ericpowell@ev1.net	5140	null	null
sgillesp@sequentenergy.com	5141	null	null
buck.buckner@honeywell.com	5142	null	null
buck@enron.com	5142	null	null
molly_sample@eott.com	5143	null	null
molly.sample@enron.com	5143	null	null
debora.klinger@enron.com	5144	null	null
fortugno3@aol.com	5145	null	null
donnie.willmann@enron.com	5146	null	null
donnie@enron.com	5146	null	null
kenny.kurtzman@enron.com	5147	null	null
dominic.carolan@enron.com	5148	null	null
a.taylor@enron.com	5149	null	null
sgilles@columbiaenergygroup.com	5150	null	null
lvnalencz@yahoo.com	5151	null	null
elisabeth_a_tagert@reliantenergy.com	5152	null	null
bobg1@griesenbeck.com	5153	null	null
mark.gershon@piperrudnick.com	5154	null	null
svmgadmin@m3iworks.com	5155	null	null
kimberly.barnhart@enron.com	5156	null	null
omaha.helpdesk@enron.com	5157	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_052201@airmail.continental.com	5158	null	null
diane.fitzgerald@travelpark.com	5159	null	null
monica.lande@enron.com	5160	null	null
monica@netcentives.com	5160	null	null
michelle.vitrella@enron.com	5161	null	null
rpetti@dwp.ci.la.ca.us	5162	null	null
rpetti@ladwp.com	5162	null	null
johnkilroy@c4.com	5163	null	null
lois.black@enron.com	5164	null	null
mariaelena.rivas@enron.com	5165	null	null
wei.tai@enron.com	5166	null	null
tai@enron.com	5166	null	null
lynn.shivers@enron.com	5167	null	null
bbrou91@powersrc.com	5168	null	null
tkruse@bracepatt.com	5169	null	null
style@response.etracks.com	5170	null	null
klparker@kslaw.com	5171	null	null
stephen.wood@enron.com	5172	null	null
tokens@lexcominc.net	5173	null	null
ermak@gte.net	5174	null	null
jdwright@bpa.gov	5175	null	null
arothrock@pattonboggs.com	5176	null	null
qhgvk@hotmail.com	5177	null	null
lortiz@tractebelusa.com	5178	null	null
tex@off.org	5179	null	null
jwelder@kleberg.com	5180	null	null
palmer.letzerich@enron.com	5181	null	null
l.palmer@enron.com	5181	null	null
david.hahm@enron.com	5182	null	null
kelsey02@hotmail.com	5183	null	null
wayne'.'messina@enron.com	5184	null	null
chia@ayup.limey.net	5185	null	null
wmontg@aol.com	5186	null	null
wmontg@juno.com	5186	null	null
rbolbrock@lipower.org	5187	null	null
delene.travella@funb.com	5188	null	null
"travella@enron.com	5188	null	null
ksharer@amgen.com	5189	null	null
althouses@aol.com	5190	null	null
lmcmurray@exchange.ml.com	5191	null	null
susan.m.lewis@enron.com	5192	null	null
susan_m_lewis@enron.com	5192	null	null
susan.lewis@enron.com	5192	null	null
tyson@haas.berkeley.edu	5193	null	null
suzanne.nicholie@enron.com	5194	null	null
j_and_e_taylor@email.msn.com	5195	null	null
j_and_e_taylor@msn.com	5195	null	null
j..taylor@enron.com	5195	null	null
e..taylor@enron.com	5195	null	null
e.taylor@enron.com	5195	null	null
dick.brooks@systrends.com	5196	null	null
terence.thorn@enron.com	5197	null	null
mamoyer@pacbell.net	5198	null	null
philippe.a.bibi@enron.com	5199	null	null
a..bibi@enron.com	5199	null	null
philippe.bibi@enron.com	5199	null	null
gordongecho@hotmail.com	5200	null	null
djohn@jhenergy.com	5201	null	null
monique.phillips@enron.com	5202	null	null
bxqik@sapo.pt	5203	null	null
jthomas@styleclick.com	5204	null	null
rsvp@conoco.com	5205	null	null
rsvp@stern.nyu.edu	5205	null	null
rsvp@claven.gsb.columbia.edu	5205	null	null
lippmanc@aol.com	5206	null	null
sql_mail@enron.com	5207	null	null
mariano.gomez@enron.com	5208	null	null
gomez@enron.com	5208	null	null
jamesbolton-draft@the-spires.com	5209	null	null
jamesbolton@the-spires.com	5209	null	null
mike.jefferies@enron.com	5210	null	null
bj@draospring.com	5211	null	null
sap.mailout@enron.com	5212	null	null
whmangusuk@aol.com	5213	null	null
hba-office@hba.org	5214	null	null
hba@hba.com	5214	null	null
minal.dalia@enron.com	5215	null	null
paul.simons@enron.com	5216	null	null
edfruge@txccc.org	5217	null	null
ray.warner@williams.com	5218	null	null
collegetips@fastwebmail.com	5219	null	null
randy.young@enron.com	5220	null	null
pat.campbell@nextel.com	5221	null	null
campbell_pat@msn.com	5221	null	null
ngregson@wrw.com	5222	null	null
ngregson@wfw.com	5222	null	null
patrick.desouza@ecoutlook.com	5223	null	null
krogers@aga.org	5224	null	null
448753.126932221.1@1.americanexpress.com	5225	null	null
448753.57054773.1@1.americanexpress.com	5225	null	null
448753.26815304.1@1.americanexpress.com	5225	null	null
448753.57130981.1@1.americanexpress.com	5225	null	null
448753.126941280.1@1.americanexpress.com	5225	null	null
midday19@alerts.equityalert.com	5226	null	null
tammy.marcontell@enron.com	5227	null	null
dsalvosa@epsa.org	5228	null	null
wizard4410@aol.com	5229	null	null
mtwilliams@edisonmission.com	5230	null	null
linda.jenkins@enron.com	5231	null	null
arthur.ransome@enron.com	5232	null	null
apacheco@oneok.com	5233	null	null
hfromer@enron.com	5234	null	null
sryan@aesc.com	5235	null	null
jerryrice@israd.2ndmail.com	5236	null	null
nrahemtulla@thecampus.com	5237	null	null
ana.santos@enron.com	5238	null	null
barry.lewis@enron.com	5239	null	null
josie.castrejana@enron.com	5240	null	null
josie_castrejana@eott.com	5240	null	null
42.9218.58-mrqxodsewwro9teq8drr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	5241	null	null
demianen@rice.edu	5242	null	null
demianen@hydrant.ruf.rice.edu	5242	null	null
rex.shelby@enron.nt	5243	null	null
rex.shelby@enron.com	5243	null	null
rex_shelby@enron.net	5243	null	null
rex@texasbuydirect.com	5243	null	null
rex@arn.net	5243	null	null
jennifer.thome@enron.com	5244	null	null
mphvet666@aol.com	5245	null	null
li.xiao@enron.com	5246	null	null
andym@vlmk.com	5247	null	null
doornbos@socrates.berkeley.edu	5248	null	null
nikita.varma@enron.com	5249	null	null
tradersnewsindexes@ipgdirect.com	5250	null	null
cindy.orosey@compaq.com	5251	null	null
bradley.jones@enron.com	5252	null	null
rguy@wpo.it.luc.edu	5253	null	null
dkdavis@monm.edu	5254	null	null
amanda_mccallion@eott.com	5255	null	null
bill.rogers@enron.com	5256	null	null
chjohnson98@hotmail.com	5257	null	null
harrislj@houston.rr.com	5258	null	null
sgd00314@nifty.ne.jp	5259	null	null
daniel.allegretti@enron.com	5260	null	null
charles.smith@alcoa.com	5261	null	null
charles.smith@enron.com	5261	null	null
tjfarmer@juno.com	5262	null	null
tjfarmer@houston.rr.com	5262	null	null
bobregon@bga.com	5263	null	null
darrington.outama@enron.com	5264	null	null
darrington_outama@pgn.com	5264	null	null
ngilluly@houstontech.org	5265	null	null
gpg.e-ha@enron.com	5266	null	null
sasseeisme@aol.com	5267	null	null
kpresto@ect.enron.com	5268	null	null
kpresto@enron.com	5268	null	null
kpresto@msn.com	5268	null	null
paul'.'sivley@enron.com	5269	null	null
scranda@msn.com	5270	null	null
scranda@ect.enron.com	5270	null	null
scranda@enron.com	5270	null	null
vvv@economist.com	5271	null	null
ian.trumpower@weil.com	5272	null	null
camp@kidventurecamp.com	5273	null	null
khairuddin_mjaafar@petronas.com.my	5274	null	null
your_online_account@community.nextcard.com	5275	null	null
nancy_siska@cargill.com	5276	null	null
ken.crowl@enron.com	5277	null	null
christine.miller@missioncritical.com	5278	null	null
pfordack@hickoryfarms.com	5279	null	null
ndrenergygroup@earthlink.net	5280	null	null
earley1@hotmail.com	5281	null	null
fletcher.j.sturm@enron.com	5282	null	null
lan.comnes@enron.com	5283	null	null
ragayle.pellum@enron.com	5284	null	null
jim.curry@enron.com	5285	null	null
curry@texaco.com	5285	null	null
david.garrett@enron.com	5286	null	null
t..lucci@enron.com	5287	null	null
me9wujk1k1@yahoo.com	5288	null	null
david.mckeon@entergykoch.com	5289	null	null
rventurini@teamgsi.net	5290	null	null
h..otto@enron.com	5291	null	null
cheryl.luster@enron.com	5292	null	null
don.g.stamas@aexp.com	5293	null	null
pgerbert@mckenna-group.com	5294	null	null
vetters@enron.com	5295	null	null
jlyons@deloitte.ca	5296	null	null
sale@email.online.hallmark.com	5297	null	null
bakerj@rice.edu	5298	null	null
sxhan@xatcwingi.ok.ru	5299	null	null
michel_finzi@instinet.com	5300	null	null
morrises@spring-branch.isd.tenet.edu	5301	null	null
seth.hurwitz@enron.com	5302	null	null
central.communication@enron.com	5303	null	null
dgiron@ect.enron.com	5304	null	null
dgiron@enron.com	5304	null	null
dgiron@pdq.net	5304	null	null
dgiron@alumni.utexas.net	5304	null	null
wtaylor@creighton.edu	5305	null	null
jcoiley@wfw.com	5306	null	null
dpepplejes@netscape.net	5307	null	null
ashley_brown@harvard.edu	5308	null	null
judy.timson@enron.com	5309	null	null
cpa@vertcoms.com	5310	null	null
cpa@oihost.net	5310	null	null
cpa@opthome.com	5310	null	null
cpa@sock2002.com	5310	null	null
cpa@optmails.com	5310	null	null
cpa@brain2002.com	5310	null	null
breana@enron.com	5311	null	null
dan.temple@jacobs.com	5312	null	null
temple@enron.com	5312	null	null
'temple@enron.com	5312	null	null
billy.dixon@bp.com	5313	null	null
rhornby@tca-us.com	5314	null	null
tessa@izolli.com	5315	null	null
kadaly@moheck.com	5316	null	null
rcasey@tmmlines.com	5317	null	null
ah692217@bcm.tmc.edu	5318	null	null
aadamson@nycap.rr.com	5319	null	null
bonnie.white@enron.com	5320	null	null
white'.'bonnie@enron.com	5320	null	null
john.hou@enron.com	5321	null	null
d.wimberly@computer.org	5322	null	null
slima@initiativesforchildren.org	5323	null	null
vuynp@i-france.com	5324	null	null
airphotodave@aol.com	5325	null	null
ray.reed@enron.com	5326	null	null
rudy.gonzalez@enron.com	5327	null	null
rfh@hirschmannlaw.com	5328	null	null
schleimer.steve@enron.com	5329	null	null
coo.jeff@enron.com	5330	null	null
salil.pradhan@enron.com	5331	null	null
m.hlavinka@bre.com	5332	null	null
hlavinka@wcnet.net	5332	null	null
l9tpx6r8t7@hotmail.com	5333	null	null
tai.woo@enron.com	5334	null	null
wwilson@arm-ltd.com	5335	null	null
wwilson@bmpllp.com	5335	null	null
dennis.oakley@chase.com	5336	null	null
dorothy.barnes@enron.com	5337	null	null
jeff.nogid@enron.com	5338	null	null
kendrick.brown@eia.doe.gov	5339	null	null
dixonr@flash.net	5340	null	null
dhyvl@houston.rr.com	5341	null	null
dhyvl@enron.com	5341	null	null
dhyvl@ect.enron.com	5341	null	null
mgillis@rice.edu	5342	null	null
pennfuture@pennfuture.org	5343	null	null
energy-i@petroleumargus.com	5344	null	null
debra.hicks@enron.com	5345	null	null
timothy.heizenrader@enron.com	5346	null	null
heizenrader@enron.com	5346	null	null
heizenrader@home.com	5346	null	null
heizenrader@attbi.com	5346	null	null
'mertz@enron.com	5347	null	null
ronnie.morgan@enron.com	5348	null	null
jalse6og9h@msn.com	5349	null	null
angela.kohls@home.com	5350	null	null
e-crown@northwestern.edu	5351	null	null
ibrahim'.'amr@enron.com	5352	null	null
amr.ibrahim@enron.com	5352	null	null
veronica.davies@enron.com	5353	null	null
davies@enron.com	5353	null	null
sukrankarakaya@hotmail.com	5354	null	null
fortune_magazine@customersvc.com	5355	null	null
dana.lee@enron.com	5356	null	null
hillis@enron.com	5357	null	null
carmen.perez@enron.com	5358	null	null
carmen@enron.com	5358	null	null
carmen.perez@fedex.com	5358	null	null
9z9n5cjda@msn.com	5359	null	null
mkudla@aol.com	5360	null	null
luanne.giessen@gs.com	5361	null	null
ekrogh@serv.net	5362	null	null
abbott.jim@enron.com	5363	null	null
bettle.mark@jdirving.com	5364	null	null
rhoni.glynn@enron.com	5365	null	null
dchristo2@attglobal.net	5366	null	null
stephen_johns@agfg.com	5367	null	null
johns@scudderpublishing.com	5367	null	null
johns@calpine.com	5367	null	null
jmcash@mindspring.com	5368	null	null
caroline.abramo@enron.com	5369	null	null
kkeenan@kslaw.com	5370	null	null
jpm@aelaw.com	5371	null	null
evelyn.metoyer@enron.com	5372	null	null
terrance.devereaux@enron.com	5373	null	null
rick.whitaker@enron.com	5374	null	null
kmcdani@enron.com	5375	null	null
vicsandra.trujillo@enron.com	5376	null	null
larrywolfe@ezeeweb.com	5377	null	null
kevin.murray@enron.com	5378	null	null
ssher5dun@aol.com	5379	null	null
rik483c@ubcux.ubc.co.kr	5380	null	null
mackimmy@oc-net.com	5381	null	null
npatel@risk.co.uk	5382	null	null
km0l21@yahoo.com	5383	null	null
insynconline.67y6m5wc.d@insync-palm.com	5384	null	null
denis.peranic@chkra.mail.abb.com	5385	null	null
jaleonar@haas.berkeley.edu	5386	null	null
stephanie.mcginnis@enron.com	5387	null	null
r.ingram@enron.com	5388	null	null
a.nichols@enron.com	5389	null	null
curtis_l_kebler@reliantenergy.com	5390	null	null
jh11@talkmatch.com	5391	null	null
dsscny@aol.com	5392	null	null
glillie@concentric.net	5393	null	null
rodolfo.cabral@enron.com	5394	null	null
citybarcenterforcle@abcny.org	5395	null	null
vlasekl@pogoproducing.com	5396	null	null
junk.april@enron.com	5397	null	null
shaughndaniel@compuserve.com	5398	null	null
lee'.'huber@enron.com	5399	null	null
lee.huber@enron.com	5399	null	null
1.424.a6-9zw4x4yvugz5gtausdrr.1@outreach.futurestep.com	5400	null	null
meredith.jewett@nepco.com	5401	null	null
gilbert-smith'.'doug@enron.com	5402	null	null
doug@leyendecker.com	5402	null	null
doug@campbell.com	5402	null	null
gilbert-smith@enron.com	5402	null	null
doug.gilbert-smith@enron.com	5402	null	null
doug@enron.com	5402	null	null
bscholte@email.com	5403	null	null
lesli.campbell@enron.com	5404	null	null
lesli@enron.com	5404	null	null
jonny.hendricks@enron.com	5405	null	null
jeff.a.jewell@us.arthurandersen.com	5406	null	null
ojones@attbi.com	5407	null	null
cmfoley@skadden.com	5408	null	null
raper@ci.rocky-mount.nc.us	5409	null	null
michael.j.napolitana@db.com	5410	null	null
daggett@heinzctr.org	5411	null	null
bodilys@darden.virginia.edu	5412	null	null
matt.harris@enron.com	5413	null	null
johnshield@alum.mit.edu	5414	null	null
grisela.escamilla@enron.com	5415	null	null
ga4qwsc9s3t4@hotmail.com	5416	null	null
tjc-wellstar@qwest.net	5417	null	null
turney.ernie@enron.com	5418	null	null
rainey01@sprynet.com	5419	null	null
anne.hicks@enron.com	5420	null	null
joe.zou@enron.com	5421	null	null
tjohnso8@enron.com	5422	null	null
krishna.lattupally@enron.com	5423	null	null
gpg.employees@enron.com	5424	null	null
.".'"molland@enron.com	5425	null	null
molland@enron.com	5425	null	null
supplier@gpu.com	5426	null	null
scott.flukinger@dfait-maeci.gc.ca	5427	null	null
lounghrid@rice.edu	5428	null	null
mollycoffin@hotmail.com	5429	null	null
barry.powley@enron.com	5430	null	null
knock.john@epenergy.com	5431	null	null
john.knock@elpaso.com	5431	null	null
jason.leopold@dowjones.com	5432	null	null
m..forney@enron.com	5433	null	null
girodhouse@aol.com	5434	null	null
hap.boyd@enron.com	5435	null	null
consumer@web.com	5436	null	null
consumer@yahoo.org	5436	null	null
consumer@msn.com	5436	null	null
saidia.matthews@enron.com	5437	null	null
plee2@enron.com	5438	null	null
forgot@lga2.nytimes.com	5439	null	null
forgot@paypal.com	5439	null	null
crmitchen@hotmail.com	5440	null	null
ufhtxabws7@hotmail.com	5441	null	null
dayna.smith@enron.com	5442	null	null
snord@enron.com	5443	null	null
houston.helpdesk@enron.com	5444	null	null
alumni.list.manager@anderson.ucla.edu	5445	null	null
manager@cdnow.com	5445	null	null
kmcginty@natsource.com	5446	null	null
philmurray@myvzw.com	5447	null	null
lisa.valderrama@enron.com	5448	null	null
g_philip_hughes@msn.com	5449	null	null
irismmack@hotmail.com	5450	null	null
emiller@subaru.com	5451	null	null
emiller@roe.com	5451	null	null
dharvey238@earthlink.net	5452	null	null
dharvey238@hotmail.com	5452	null	null
dharvey238@aol.com	5452	null	null
brenda.f.herod@enron.com	5453	null	null
brenda.herod@enron.com	5453	null	null
mcc@fullenweider.com	5454	null	null
jlb3@knauffiberglass.com	5455	null	null
alejandrachavez@hotmail.com	5456	null	null
mneeley@caiso.com	5457	null	null
president@weforum.org	5458	null	null
president@nymex.com	5458	null	null
president@whitehouse.gov	5458	null	null
bpaxon@akingump.com	5459	null	null
paul.miller@enron.com	5460	null	null
paul.miller@ps.ge.com	5460	null	null
rms_etc@ercot.com	5461	null	null
rms@ercot.com	5461	null	null
mzarate@hallbargainer.com	5462	null	null
click.home@enron.com	5463	null	null
gascontroller@aec.ca	5464	null	null
parrottb@kochind.com	5465	null	null
plombardo@plantsystems.com	5466	null	null
knipe3@aol.com	5467	null	null
knipe3@msn.com	5467	null	null
knipe3@hotmail.msn.com	5467	null	null
rrooney@batcon.org	5468	null	null
pete.nevin@quintus.com	5469	null	null
wcasso@zeusdevelopment.com	5470	null	null
kevin.kuehler@enron.com	5471	null	null
mac.mcclelland@enron.com	5472	null	null
mac@ifeminists.com	5472	null	null
michael.moscoso@enron.com	5473	null	null
moscoso@enron.com	5473	null	null
li.sun@enron.com	5474	null	null
areny@reliant.com	5475	null	null
sanjesh.pathak@enron.com	5476	null	null
davis.abigail@enron.com	5477	null	null
kburroughs@palmeragency.com	5478	null	null
swehn@enron.com	5479	null	null
norma.masek@unisys.com	5480	null	null
kyle_etter@hotmail.com	5481	null	null
kyle.etter@valero.com	5481	null	null
kyle.etter@enron.com	5481	null	null
jgreenberg@tradingedge.com	5482	null	null
jgreenberg@wrhambrecht.com	5482	null	null
gabriel.monroy@enron.com	5483	null	null
gabriel_monroy@hotmail.com	5483	null	null
dlshigeno@aol.com	5484	null	null
pooley.kim@enron.com	5485	null	null
iunewsed@indiana.edu	5486	null	null
alec.cohen@enron.com	5487	null	null
alec.cohen@creditlyonnais.co.uk	5487	null	null
akim@m-g.com	5488	null	null
tpatrick@pecorp.com	5489	null	null
krobb@hunton.com	5490	null	null
owner-evmba_social@haas.berkeley.edu	5491	null	null
evmba_social@haas.berkeley.edu	5491	null	null
michael.walsh@aig.com	5492	null	null
suzanne.call@enron.com	5493	null	null
fp.dl-warriors@enron.com	5494	null	null
fp@fpl.com	5494	null	null
douglas.stephen@enron.com	5495	null	null
stephen.douglas@enron.com	5495	null	null
farhad.ahad@enron.com	5496	null	null
dstewart@tnrcc.state.tx.us	5497	null	null
paula.corey@enron.com	5498	null	null
corey@enron.com	5498	null	null
david.bargainer@enron.com	5499	null	null
swiedermann@edisonmission.com	5500	null	null
day@enron.com	5501	null	null
'day@enron.com	5501	null	null
jposey@ercot.com	5502	null	null
bens01119@yahoo.com	5503	null	null
loibl@enron.com	5504	null	null
jons@amerexenergy.com	5505	null	null
jons@gfsloans.com	5505	null	null
jons@amerex.com	5505	null	null
jons@amerexyenergy.com	5505	null	null
gary.sentiff@enron.com	5506	null	null
roxanne.mellen@enron.com	5507	null	null
trish.dalton@chron.com	5508	null	null
ds64@mail1.andrew.cmu.edu	5509	null	null
ds64@andrew.cmu.edu	5509	null	null
ds64@cyrus.andrew.cmu.edu	5509	null	null
ahmad.neelo@enron.com	5510	null	null
fang.chang@enron.com	5511	null	null
michael.guillory@enron.com	5512	null	null
mdahlke1@kingwoodcable.com	5513	null	null
daniel.muschar@enron.com	5514	null	null
nicki.daw@enron.com	5515	null	null
sheung.tam@ms.com	5516	null	null
paul.j.broderick@enron.com	5517	null	null
paul.broderick@enron.com	5517	null	null
j..broderick@enron.com	5517	null	null
projectexecutive@aol.com	5518	null	null
peter.lund@enron.com	5519	null	null
lund.peter@enron.com	5519	null	null
peter.lund@neg.pge.com	5519	null	null
alexandra.saler@enron.com	5520	null	null
bethraia@earthlink.net	5521	null	null
dmears8894@aol.com	5522	null	null
bigdatty469@aol.com	5523	null	null
casey.snyder@enron.com	5524	null	null
lynn.costantini@nerc.net	5525	null	null
rek@blakes.com	5526	null	null
derek.kelly@enron.com	5527	null	null
derek@ctaonline.com	5527	null	null
hector.jeff@enron.com	5528	null	null
gerspamer@mofo.com	5529	null	null
webb.david@epenergy.com	5530	null	null
david.webb@elpaso.com	5530	null	null
savebig@savebig6.sparklist.com	5531	null	null
savebig@reply.pm0.net	5531	null	null
savebig@cnw.com.cn	5531	null	null
savebig@savebig7.sparklist.com	5531	null	null
gfdiju976@yahoo.com	5532	null	null
hickey@enron.com	5533	null	null
robert.enron@enron.com	5534	null	null
mansoor.abdmoulaie@enron.com	5535	null	null
paul.anderson@enron.com	5536	null	null
fred.philipson@enron.com	5537	null	null
courtney.cogbill@richardson.k12.tx.com	5538	null	null
apg@tozzini.com.br	5539	null	null
imorse@hotmail.com	5540	null	null
michael.castillo@enron.com	5541	null	null
patrick.tucker@enron.com	5542	null	null
wkawamoto@wm.com	5543	null	null
audrey.cook@enron.com	5544	null	null
a..cook@enron.com	5544	null	null
david.morris@lehman.com	5545	null	null
mark.adleman@enron.com	5546	null	null
mary.joseph@enron.com	5547	null	null
m..joseph@enron.com	5547	null	null
shines@gtlaw.com	5548	null	null
veeser@haas.berkeley.edu	5549	null	null
chris.hilgert@enron.com	5550	null	null
jeff.whippo@enron.com	5551	null	null
dianne.swiber@enron.com	5552	null	null
korydegan4034@publicist.com	5553	null	null
scheije@selectenergy.com	5554	null	null
peter.gosselin@latimes.com	5555	null	null
john.topgear@ukgateway.net	5556	null	null
chris.helzer@nike.com	5557	null	null
denisea38@yahoo.com	5558	null	null
maryramsey@tramex.com	5559	null	null
carolyn.cook@fra.dot.gov	5560	null	null
mccann@nc.rr.com	5561	null	null
nancy.muchmore@enron.com	5562	null	null
jeffhicken@alliant-energy.com	5563	null	null
insynconline.6nzbd0s4.d@insync-palm.com	5564	null	null
ellen_prendergast@america.hypovereinsbank.com	5565	null	null
dahlberg.carl@enron.com	5566	null	null
kkincb@cox.net	5567	null	null
robert_lawshe@michcon.com	5568	null	null
rgreenberg@opic.gov	5569	null	null
rgreenberg@gpsolaw.com	5569	null	null
stewart.walter@enron.com	5570	null	null
kristi.tharpe@intcx.com	5571	null	null
wisemanm@sullcrom.com	5572	null	null
mydesi@hotmail.com	5573	null	null
young.sara@enron.com	5574	null	null
hoyt.ivey@enron.com	5575	null	null
jbushee@sablaw.com	5576	null	null
2.3758.c8-1utp_qhzzgrr.1@ummail1.unitedmedia.com	5577	null	null
marcus.tarkington@db.com	5578	null	null
tricia.bowen@enron.com	5579	null	null
bkoch@clarkus.com	5580	null	null
jhb1@bancosantander.es	5581	null	null
greg_hathaway@dom.com	5582	null	null
mfowlkes@bransonfowlkes.com	5583	null	null
steve.incontro@ssmb.com	5584	null	null
kim.hickok@enron.com	5585	null	null
greg.lewis@enron.com	5586	null	null
console.security@enron.com	5587	null	null
security.console@enron.com	5587	null	null
mgrady@sithe.com	5588	null	null
mark.pickering@enron.com	5589	null	null
charlswalk@aol.com	5590	null	null
segev@haas.berkeley.edu	5591	null	null
tj.butler@enron.com	5592	null	null
alma.carrillo@enron.com	5593	null	null
bvanderh@enron.com	5594	null	null
houshyar@the-spires.com	5595	null	null
green.gary@enron.com	5596	null	null
anthony.duenner@enron.com	5597	null	null
farzad.farhangnia@enron.com	5598	null	null
sonia.cindy@enron.com	5599	null	null
brsmith1@aep.com	5600	null	null
kdent@bakerbotts.com	5601	null	null
scottymorales@home.com	5602	null	null
hrcracer28@hotmail.com	5603	null	null
pipitone@andrews-kurth.com	5604	null	null
cunningham.daniel@enron.com	5605	null	null
robert_sheybani@exchange.ml.com	5606	null	null
herrold@swbell.net	5607	null	null
legalonline-compliance@enron.com	5608	null	null
legal.7@enron.com	5609	null	null
jshohet@graycary.com	5610	null	null
sharonward@akllp.com	5611	null	null
steve.wang@enron.com	5612	null	null
team.beaver-mach-shop@enron.com	5613	null	null
shop@nordstrom.m0.net	5613	null	null
shop@mediatrec.roi1.net	5613	null	null
kourtney.nelson@enron.com	5614	null	null
vwesterhaus@shb.com	5615	null	null
callahan@enron.com	5616	null	null
'callahan@enron.com	5616	null	null
patsyw@microwavenetworks.com	5617	null	null
42.1828.94-roun_a5ckuq1ybdp59rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	5618	null	null
dfg5@nongshim.co.kr	5619	null	null
cpinnell@velaw.com	5620	null	null
chris.harman@enron.com	5621	null	null
whaffner@tristategt.org	5622	null	null
marilyn_conners@prusec.com	5623	null	null
marilyn@ceert.org	5623	null	null
marilyn@vandergriffgroup.com	5623	null	null
mcarson2@enron.com	5624	null	null
ksymes@enron.com	5625	null	null
ksymes@gladston.uoregon.edu	5625	null	null
mark.ellenberg@enron.com	5626	null	null
mark.ellenberg@cwt.com	5626	null	null
paul.quilkey@enron.com	5627	null	null
quilkey@enron.com	5627	null	null
linda.wolfe@xemkt.com	5628	null	null
rstillman@netscape.net	5629	null	null
requests.exchange@enron.com	5630	null	null
teresa.aguilera-peon@enron.com	5631	null	null
aguilera-peon@enron.com	5631	null	null
andrew.bermack@enron.com	5632	null	null
robert.kraszewski@enron.com	5633	null	null
amir.ghodsian@enron.com	5634	null	null
marie.thibaut@enron.com	5635	null	null
sbreen@czn.com	5636	null	null
cculwel@enron.com	5637	null	null
asjieq@polbox.com	5638	null	null
9079876@skytel.com	5639	null	null
donohoo@enron.com	5640	null	null
craigjefferies@ckbenergy.com	5641	null	null
peggy.menchaca@enron.com	5642	null	null
team.willmar@enron.com	5643	null	null
ipp-news-contacts@listserver.eei.org	5644	null	null
norma.mottu@enron.com	5645	null	null
rhaik@prebon.com	5646	null	null
ksherwood@uschamber.com	5647	null	null
jackiec@monm.edu	5648	null	null
customersvc@email.fatbrain.com	5649	null	null
jeffrey.austin@enron.com	5650	null	null
austin@enron.com	5650	null	null
michael.denton@caminus.com	5651	null	null
'12255'@enron.com	5652	null	null
binky.davidson@enron.com	5653	null	null
mathew.moses@compaq.com	5654	null	null
moses@enron.com	5654	null	null
katie.trullinger@wfsg.com	5655	null	null
katie@enron.com	5655	null	null
dave.mangskau@enron.com	5656	null	null
christopher.wheeler@enron.com	5657	null	null
wheeler@enron.com	5657	null	null
agovenar@govadv.com	5658	null	null
unsubscribe@skippingstone.com	5659	null	null
unsubscribe@nationallawlibrary.net	5659	null	null
sands.johanna@enron.com	5660	null	null
constantine'.'brian@enron.com	5661	null	null
constantine.brian@enron.com	5661	null	null
mcgovern@enron.com	5662	null	null
judy.forney@enron.com	5663	null	null
jennifer.blay@enron.com	5664	null	null
jenny.reed@enron.com	5665	null	null
mcduff6@dellepro.com	5666	null	null
fabian.valle@enron.com	5667	null	null
steve.hotte@enron.com	5668	null	null
hotte@enron.com	5668	null	null
stephanie-newell@reliantenergy.com	5669	null	null
msngamingzone_031605@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	5670	null	null
mkhourie@trammellcrow.com	5671	null	null
birgisson@cmcklaw.com	5672	null	null
kim.ladish@enron.com	5673	null	null
tibby"@enron.com	5674	null	null
maria.chiodi@csfb.com	5675	null	null
cheryl.perchal@enron.com	5676	null	null
lholcomb@swko.net	5677	null	null
lholcomb@ptsi.net	5677	null	null
jim.elston@enron.com	5678	null	null
rmcnally@cwo.com	5679	null	null
rmcnally@mcnallytemple.com	5679	null	null
dthomas@rice.edu	5680	null	null
orenmax@hotmail.com	5681	null	null
phytrpilot@enron.com	5682	null	null
phytrpilot@aol.com	5682	null	null
enron.everyone_et&s_omaha@enron.com	5683	null	null
enron.omaha@enron.com	5683	null	null
everyone_et&s_omaha.enron@enron.com	5683	null	null
awenner@velaw.com	5684	null	null
awenner@vel.com	5684	null	null
account-update@amazon.com	5685	null	null
lpederson4@cs.com	5686	null	null
wendi.hoelscher@enron.com	5687	null	null
labiche_maryline@jpmorgan.com	5688	null	null
omahasteaks@ihomeowner.com	5689	null	null
jifields@duke-energy.com	5690	null	null
susan.m.scott@enron.com	5691	null	null
susan_m_scott@enron.com	5691	null	null
susan_m_scott@hotmail.com	5691	null	null
gerd.sylvia@web.de	5692	null	null
sylvia@enron.com	5692	null	null
security.ets@enron.com	5693	null	null
hbinder@porterhedges.com	5694	null	null
ebarton@eventamerica.com	5695	null	null
mary.sullivan@enron.com	5696	null	null
eric.longbottom@enron.com	5697	null	null
amy.bundscho@enron.com	5698	null	null
michelle.neville@enron.com	5699	null	null
stowers.katie@enron.com	5700	null	null
katie.stowers@enron.com	5700	null	null
dwill25@bellsouth.net	5701	null	null
dfuller@princeton.edu	5702	null	null
dfuller@caiso.com	5702	null	null
joshua.koenig@enron.com	5703	null	null
bcross@hciww.com	5704	null	null
trajjen@yahoo.com	5705	null	null
greg.black@enron.com	5706	null	null
matthew.huddleston@enron.com	5707	null	null
cei@uh.edu	5708	null	null
brian.kolle@enron.com	5709	null	null
littlechild@tanworth.mercianet.co.uk	5710	null	null
donald.reid@enron.com	5711	null	null
mpa@a-klaw.com	5712	null	null
mpa@aelaw.com	5712	null	null
dorothy.mccoppin@enron.com	5713	null	null
yvette_tims@itc.co.harris.tx.us	5714	null	null
salal@mit.edu	5715	null	null
pmork@lajollaeconomics.com	5716	null	null
sue.nord@enron.com	5717	null	null
sue_nord@ees.enron.net	5717	null	null
s.nord@enron.com	5717	null	null
alan.wright@us.cibc.com	5718	null	null
alan.wright@enron.com	5718	null	null
67@newmail.net	5719	null	null
67@163.net	5719	null	null
wwenger@enron.com	5720	null	null
dharvin@velaw.com	5721	null	null
evitenewsletter@news.evite.com	5722	null	null
richardk@monm.edu	5723	null	null
shelly.christner@enron.com	5724	null	null
shelly@sswlaw.com	5724	null	null
dariobravo@hotmail.com	5725	null	null
james.mccartney@enron.com	5726	null	null
sebastien.cahen@socgen.com	5727	null	null
jeanne_giles@mckinsey.com	5728	null	null
scottsmith@masterword.com	5729	null	null
dfamiletto@metromediaenergy.com	5730	null	null
dfamiletto@metromediaenergy.co	5730	null	null
chris.lambie@enron.com	5731	null	null
lambie@enron.com	5731	null	null
steve.mccarrel@enron.com	5732	null	null
bhickey@cmiprint.com	5733	null	null
faucett@enron.com	5734	null	null
angelina.lorio@enron.com	5735	null	null
aberton@ei.enron.com	5736	null	null
nidia@enron.com	5737	null	null
bill.fox@enron.com	5738	null	null
event@mailman.enron.com	5739	null	null
event@listserver.iif.com	5739	null	null
aishikawa@socalgas.com	5740	null	null
blanghem@anthonysylvan.com	5741	null	null
paige.cox@enron.com	5742	null	null
sandy.roberts@enron.com	5743	null	null
roberts@enron.com	5743	null	null
r-0-738070-4601862-2-1010-us1-a92d54d1@xmr3.com	5744	null	null
jlinken@columbiaenergy.com	5745	null	null
jlinken@columbiaenrgy.com	5745	null	null
jlinken@colcnr.com	5745	null	null
dan.cummings@enron.com	5746	null	null
gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com	5747	null	null
sheila.foo@enron.com	5748	null	null
pamela.daley@law.ge.com	5749	null	null
pamela.daley@corporate.ge.com	5749	null	null
vcferraz@elektro.com.br	5750	null	null
kapoor@eurasiagroup.net	5751	null	null
vicky.ha@enron.com	5752	null	null
benjamin.thomason@enron.com	5753	null	null
jstone01@coair.com	5754	null	null
allan.schoen@enron.com	5755	null	null
gas.houston@enron.com	5756	null	null
angeles.beltri@enron.com	5757	null	null
kathy.willard@enron.com	5758	null	null
cathy.de@enron.com	5759	null	null
sandray@gtlaw.com	5760	null	null
margo.reyna@enron.com	5761	null	null
jerry.wilkens@enron.com	5762	null	null
cmaliaga@purvingertz.com	5763	null	null
molnar'.'mark@enron.com	5764	null	null
molnar.mark@enron.com	5764	null	null
ian.mcarthur@royalbank.com	5765	null	null
baspinwall@petrosantander.com	5766	null	null
pat.hilleman@rsparch.com	5767	null	null
donald.l.barnhart@accenture.com	5768	null	null
rengel@ablecon.no	5769	null	null
cclayton@telusplanet.net	5770	null	null
lisa.a.tagert@jci.com	5771	null	null
hector.mcloughlin@enron.com	5772	null	null
jromo@secofi.gob.mx	5773	null	null
rudolph.reynolds@intcx.com	5774	null	null
jfagan@hewm.com	5775	null	null
john.wester@enron.com	5776	null	null
john.wester@austinenergy.com	5776	null	null
direct_deals@dell.com	5777	null	null
direct@ameritrade.com	5777	null	null
deals@safetygear.info	5777	null	null
deals@bestfares.com	5777	null	null
direct@hpftd1.ftdi.com	5777	null	null
turk.harriett@enron.com	5778	null	null
beth.miertschin@enron.com	5779	null	null
gregorylang@paulhastings.com	5780	null	null
gilder-technology-report@earth.lyris.net	5781	null	null
report@gradfinder.com	5781	null	null
manretz@msn.com	5782	null	null
manretz@email.msn.com	5782	null	null
jhougla@entergy.com	5783	null	null
garry_fredrickson@scotiacapital.com	5784	null	null
nc7@columbia.edu	5785	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_036786@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	5786	null	null
angie.buis@enron.com	5787	null	null
search354@qatarmail.com	5788	null	null
8889167186@skytel.com	5789	null	null
charee.messerli@nwpp.org	5790	null	null
merrill_lynch_direct@merrill-lynch.m0.net	5791	null	null
lynch@enron.com	5791	null	null
l..lynch@enron.com	5791	null	null
katesymes@ekno.com	5792	null	null
katesymes@microsoft.com	5792	null	null
jhopf@amerenenergy.com	5793	null	null
sccobb@srpnet.com	5794	null	null
tleaden@divresources.com	5795	null	null
general@pluto.npcc.org	5796	null	null
1800flowers.253753534@s2u2.com	5797	null	null
godfrey.hyde@enron.com	5798	null	null
wilma.low@enron.com	5799	null	null
marianne.salinas@enron.com	5800	null	null
f..campbell@enron.com	5801	null	null
kuzmika@sullcrom.com	5802	null	null
rogers_sarah@gsb.stanford.edu	5803	null	null
raymond.depillo@pseg.com	5804	null	null
dogsreakthrough.	5805	null	null
insynconline.6bywf53c.d@insync-palm.com	5806	null	null
ohlinger@gte.net	5807	null	null
margaux.harris@enron.com	5808	null	null
mpate@gablelaw.com	5809	null	null
mpate@bracepatt.com	5809	null	null
fildesd@phibro.com	5810	null	null
team.eunice-kermit@enron.com	5811	null	null
team.eunice@enron.com	5811	null	null
mossmom@cybermesa.com	5812	null	null
cpuadmin@clarksdale.com	5813	null	null
msls@bigfoot.com	5814	null	null
wirzbergj@camerondiv.com	5815	null	null
svanhooser@houston.rr.com	5816	null	null
skneuweiler@aep.com	5817	null	null
richard.miller@enron.com	5818	null	null
becca-lynn@prodigy.net	5819	null	null
policyprograms@as-coa.org	5820	null	null
vlamadr@enron.com	5821	null	null
seanpat@flash.net	5822	null	null
'jernigan@enron.com	5823	null	null
jernigan@enron.com	5823	null	null
spowers@nyiso.com	5824	null	null
mreddy@epsa.org	5825	null	null
jsteele@pira.com	5826	null	null
arfan.aziz@enron.com	5827	null	null
cmkenyon@concentric.net	5828	null	null
matt.mcdonald@enron.com	5829	null	null
drankin@cinergy.com	5830	null	null
team.northbranch@enron.com	5831	null	null
ozlem.mahmood@enron.com	5832	null	null
tom.bauer@us.arthurandersen.com	5833	null	null
tom.bauer@enron.com	5833	null	null
jean.bell@enron.com	5834	null	null
bell@enron.com	5834	null	null
jean@avalonwine.com	5834	null	null
jean@enron.com	5834	null	null
b24089@mail.md	5835	null	null
mjenkins@coral-energy.com	5836	null	null
mark_j_smith@fpl.com	5837	null	null
mrmslane@aol.com	5838	null	null
alberto_gonzalez@fpl.com	5839	null	null
lisa.hobbs@wessexwater.co.uk	5840	null	null
lisa.hobbs@enron.com	5840	null	null
brevnov@starpower.net	5841	null	null
employment@anadarko.com	5842	null	null
maxine.levingston@enron.com	5843	null	null
gerri.gosnell@enron.com	5844	null	null
olkowski.tedd@enron.com	5845	null	null
lynda.laferla@enron.com	5846	null	null
lynda@wscc.com	5846	null	null
graphics.houston@upstream.nhst.no	5847	null	null
debrum@enron.com	5848	null	null
christopher.d.weekley@vanderbilt.edu	5849	null	null
'adamson@enron.com	5850	null	null
adamson@enron.com	5850	null	null
michael.guerriero@enron.com	5851	null	null
guerriero@enron.com	5851	null	null
ron.coker@enron.com	5852	null	null
mick.seidl@moore.org	5853	null	null
rinnebd@bp.com	5854	null	null
jorog@hotmail.com	5855	null	null
hockey668@hotmail.com	5856	null	null
sabrina@enron.com	5857	null	null
sabrina@cook-inlet.com	5857	null	null
sabrina@a5.amateurgirlsempire.com	5857	null	null
jeff.gollomp@cinergy.com	5858	null	null
cswart@coair.com	5859	null	null
linbeck.bayard@enron.com	5860	null	null
asbo@haas.berkeley.edu	5861	null	null
jsaldivar@shell.com	5862	null	null
david.fulghum@entergykoch.com	5863	null	null
'fulghum@enron.com	5863	null	null
claire.broido@enron.com	5864	null	null
johnw@fsgllc.com	5865	null	null
turnuson@maillist.ussoccer.org	5866	null	null
christina.jasso@enron.com	5867	null	null
amador.granado@enron.com	5868	null	null
schwartz@enron.com	5869	null	null
richard.babin@enron.com	5870	null	null
chetan.paipanandiker@enron.com	5871	null	null
kalmeia@caiso.com	5872	null	null
tracy.arthur@enron.com	5873	null	null
/o=enron/ou=eu/cn=recipients/cn=mpicker@enron.com	5874	null	null
/o=enron/ou=eu/cn=recipients/cn=jtaylo3@enron.com	5874	null	null
bmmiller@uswest.net	5875	null	null
andrea.v.reed@enron.com	5876	null	null
andrea.reed@enron.com	5876	null	null
v..reed@enron.com	5876	null	null
wjrehm@yahoo.com	5877	null	null
kim.harris@enron.com	5878	null	null
lindagreen@aol.com	5879	null	null
ravik@attglobal.net	5880	null	null
pdhgqyfeochfstol@msn.com	5881	null	null
clu@enron.com	5882	null	null
support-onefn@adm.chtah.com	5883	null	null
onefn_support@chtah.com	5883	null	null
steve.jacobo@enron.com	5884	null	null
alfredo.huertas-rubio@enron.com	5885	null	null
alfredo.huertas@enron.com	5885	null	null
alfredo@dvinci.net	5885	null	null
john.schwartzenburg@enron.com	5886	null	null
allan_taylor@anadarko.com	5887	null	null
katrinatoshik@hotmail.com	5888	null	null
kdavis@manfinancial.com	5889	null	null
don.rollins@enron.com	5890	null	null
reese.brad@enron.com	5891	null	null
wmsvote@ercot.com	5892	null	null
amendola428@yahoo.com	5893	null	null
michael.a.robisnson@enron.com	5894	null	null
ichak.adizes@managementvitality.com	5895	null	null
kerri.byars@enron.com	5896	null	null
weatherwarn@mailman.enron.com	5897	null	null
30_second_approval_decision@customoffers.com	5898	null	null
mockmarket@ercot.com	5899	null	null
christopher.f.calger@enron.com	5900	null	null
christopher.calger@enron.com	5900	null	null
j.bagwell@enron.com	5901	null	null
members@thestreet.com	5902	null	null
members@smarterliving.com	5902	null	null
members@staff.vault.com	5902	null	null
members@realmoney.com	5902	null	null
members@horny18.net	5902	null	null
members@netflip.com	5902	null	null
members@premierinvestornetwork.com	5902	null	null
members@myoc.net	5902	null	null
wkente@rcsis.com	5903	null	null
balexander@neteze.com	5904	null	null
esmedley@wpo.org	5905	null	null
shawn.mcconvey@america.lego.com	5906	null	null
kurt.anderson@enron.com	5907	null	null
kurt.anderson@ps.ge.com	5907	null	null
bshakar@bigfoot.com	5908	null	null
richard.espinoza@enron.com	5909	null	null
rob_tom@freenet.carleton.ca	5910	null	null
dwight.larson@enron.com	5911	null	null
controls.it@enron.com	5912	null	null
alex.a.molinaroli@jci.com	5913	null	null
leslievankleek@yahoo.com	5914	null	null
aronne@enron.com	5915	null	null
emma.caplan@bootsnall.net	5916	null	null
sjernig@entergy.com	5917	null	null
nocart@aol.com	5918	null	null
mitra.mujica@enron.com	5919	null	null
adam.brulinski@enron.com	5920	null	null
william.bradford@enron.com	5921	null	null
bradford@enron.com	5921	null	null
jtyler@monm.edu	5922	null	null
acerc@ace.bm	5923	null	null
staylor@sde.com	5924	null	null
staylor@kwtv.com	5924	null	null
mary.barker@ubsw.com	5925	null	null
una.feeley@enron.com	5926	null	null
toddbart@aol.com	5927	null	null
7138723648@myairmail.com	5928	null	null
ethel.koskas@enron.com	5929	null	null
egsj1@msn.com	5930	null	null
phil.demoes@enron.com	5931	null	null
lsilva@ci.glendale.ca.us	5932	null	null
lsilva@city.glendale.ca.us	5932	null	null
guppy1017@aol.com	5933	null	null
cons@haas.berkeley.edu	5934	null	null
neil.carpino@enron.com	5935	null	null
robert.balling@enron.com	5936	null	null
david.j.vitrella@enron.com	5937	null	null
j..vitrella@enron.com	5937	null	null
david.vitrella@enron.com	5937	null	null
407982.57130981.1@1.americanexpress.com	5938	null	null
susan.garcia@enron.com	5939	null	null
favuzza_matthew@jpmorgan.com	5940	null	null
dackman@forbes.net	5941	null	null
zahid.dohadwala@enron.com	5942	null	null
rfpservice@energycentral.com	5943	null	null
bmerola@enron.com	5944	null	null
charles.saltsman@us.cgeyc.com	5945	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.62977@joinmail.ccbn.com	5946	null	null
jader@enron.com	5947	null	null
rshin@exchange.ml.com	5948	null	null
gregg_tyson@dom.com	5949	null	null
sandy_hernandez@uniteddc.com	5950	null	null
dezickson@mwe.com	5951	null	null
sghill@bcgas.com	5952	null	null
katryna.murtagh@morganstanley.com	5953	null	null
akatvod@aol.com	5954	null	null
jbass1@houston.rr.com	5955	null	null
bartley@enron.com	5956	null	null
dscholt@enron.com	5957	null	null
dscholt@ect.enron.com	5957	null	null
dana.bryant@enron.com	5958	null	null
bryant@cheatsheets.net	5958	null	null
claudia.robinson@ubsw.com	5959	null	null
claudia'.'robinson@enron.com	5959	null	null
claudia@enron.com	5959	null	null
huang@enron.com	5960	null	null
jeff.sears@enron.com	5961	null	null
sears@specials.sears.com	5961	null	null
'sears@enron.com	5961	null	null
eveandpat@aol.com	5962	null	null
jim.badum@enron.com	5963	null	null
diane.hetzel@enron.com	5964	null	null
vinstinson.gibner@enron.com	5965	null	null
schorra@att.net	5966	null	null
schorra@worldnet.att.net	5966	null	null
jmoshier@utilicorp.com	5967	null	null
robert.vote@enron.com	5968	null	null
lgillet@enron.com	5969	null	null
esaibi@houston.rr.com	5970	null	null
esaibi@enron.com	5970	null	null
esaibi@hotmail.com	5970	null	null
esaibi@yahoo.com	5970	null	null
andrew.kelemen@enron.com	5971	null	null
hollis.alpert@ferc.fed.us	5972	null	null
boakley@bracepat.com	5973	null	null
boakley@bracepatt.com	5973	null	null
hasworth@technip.com	5974	null	null
mjlee@netone.com	5975	null	null
lesshroyer565@coop.co.il	5976	null	null
vikram.abhyankar@enron.com	5977	null	null
enrononline.1@enron.com	5978	null	null
letke.eric@enron.com	5979	null	null
eric.letke@enron.com	5979	null	null
team.canadian-north@enron.com	5980	null	null
team.north@enron.com	5980	null	null
rcamps@miami.whitecase.com	5981	null	null
draper.alfie@enron.com	5982	null	null
juli.salvagio@enron.com	5983	null	null
jgsmith@enron.com	5984	null	null
newsome.bob@enron.com	5985	null	null
martin.smith@enron.com	5986	null	null
susan.skarness@enron.com	5987	null	null
alyse.herasimchuk@enron.com	5988	null	null
operations@paypal.com	5989	null	null
operations@ercot.com	5989	null	null
energyviews@ze.com	5990	null	null
michael.goldberg@bakerbotts.com	5991	null	null
simon.thurbin@enron.com	5992	null	null
marrow@mailman.enron.com	5993	null	null
pmjr1967@yahoo.com	5994	null	null
lkesslerw@aol.com	5995	null	null
weldonvc@hotmail.com	5996	null	null
weldonvc@ev1.net	5996	null	null
crenshaw@enron.com	5997	null	null
acastellese@technip.com	5998	null	null
lisa_lawson@platts.com	5999	null	null
smith.jeannie@enron.com	6000	null	null
kyle.jones@radianz.com	6001	null	null
megincl@yahoo.com	6002	null	null
feliciag@marcusevanstx.com	6003	null	null
lorijosephson@masn.com	6004	null	null
net-athome@sigma-consultants.fr	6005	null	null
cindy.derecksey@enron.com	6006	null	null
lisa.l.brown@us.pwcglobal.com	6007	null	null
lisa.brown@enron.com	6007	null	null
michael.l.brown@enron.com	6007	null	null
monica.l.brown@accenture.com	6007	null	null
mery.l.brown@accenture.com	6007	null	null
michael.brown@enron.com	6007	null	null
efeo@milbank.com	6008	null	null
thomas.bennett@enron.com	6009	null	null
msmestudents@socrates.berkeley.edu	6010	null	null
ccoburn@themissionbank.com	6011	null	null
ccoburn@kc.rr.com	6011	null	null
time.portland@enron.com	6012	null	null
swg_gaspur@swgas.com	6013	null	null
kerry'.'notestine@enron.com	6014	null	null
notestine@enron.com	6014	null	null
oportunity@cells4free.com	6015	null	null
annette.spencer@ubsw.com	6016	null	null
dbrookhyser@nevp.com	6017	null	null
russell.murrell@enron.com	6018	null	null
jack.todd@enron.com	6019	null	null
jack_todd@pgn.com	6019	null	null
gassupply@mge.com	6020	null	null
gassupply@xemkt.com	6020	null	null
robichcm@bp.com	6021	null	null
mcrosno@altra.com	6022	null	null
jennifer.farac@360.net	6023	null	null
jj.saltsman@enron.com	6024	null	null
jj@johnjesse.com	6024	null	null
mike.crawford@esca.com	6025	null	null
sfletch@nwlink.com	6026	null	null
portland.market@enron.com	6027	null	null
market.portland@enron.com	6027	null	null
turpin.bev@enron.com	6028	null	null
pscho118@aol.com	6029	null	null
kevin.drachenberg@enron.com	6030	null	null
fabricio.soares@enron.com	6031	null	null
sandra.lighthill@enron.com	6032	null	null
wirelessinfo@lists.wcom.com	6033	null	null
jennifer.bagwell@enron.com	6034	null	null
bruners@uswest.net	6035	null	null
janet.moore@enron.com	6036	null	null
jesse.neyman@enron.com	6037	null	null
jesse@netspend.com	6037	null	null
elliot.bonner@enron.com	6038	null	null
larry.may@enron.com	6039	null	null
sharkb8@teleport.com	6040	null	null
pgootee@nyiso.com	6041	null	null
gibson.brian@enron.com	6042	null	null
danielle.dees@enron.com	6043	null	null
piropos@austinrr.com	6044	null	null
piropos@austin.rr.com	6044	null	null
jana.giovannini@enron.com	6045	null	null
bhayes@sidrich.com	6046	null	null
tim.abasov@enron.com	6047	null	null
e..carter@enron.com	6048	null	null
bill.marshall@enron.com	6049	null	null
natalie.bondareva@enron.com	6050	null	null
sduble@haysmcconn.com	6051	null	null
christopher.bruner@motorola.com	6052	null	null
jfpf@ppco.com	6053	null	null
shepherdeco@aol.com	6054	null	null
eddy.daniels@bakerbotts.com	6055	null	null
eddy.daniels@enron.com	6055	null	null
meredith.mitchell@enron.com	6056	null	null
gary.choquette@enron.com	6057	null	null
scullion.chuck@bcg.com	6058	null	null
ankush.sen@enron.com	6059	null	null
rmiletich@baughent.com	6060	null	null
wre4wtscb94@hotmail.com	6061	null	null
experience.assistants@enron.com	6062	null	null
erewards_@greatideas.compaq.com	6063	null	null
erewards@erewards.com	6063	null	null
-@enron.com	6064	null	null
sdsl768k@yahoo.com	6065	null	null
mhughes@paincarecenter.com	6066	null	null
mhughes@hollandhart.com	6066	null	null
dan.pribble@enron.com	6067	null	null
cathy.phillips@enron.com	6068	null	null
caulson@enron.com	6069	null	null
david.duffy@enron.com	6070	null	null
insynconline.6czmxfks.d@insync-palm.com	6071	null	null
houstonoffice2@columbia.rwd.com	6072	null	null
omar.aboudaher@enron.com	6073	null	null
fermis@enron.com	6074	null	null
fermis@hotmail.com	6074	null	null
fermis@ect.enron.com	6074	null	null
meiling.chen@enron.com	6075	null	null
kristi.voinis@enron.com	6076	null	null
stacey.woodard@austinenergy.com	6077	null	null
leslie.lawner@enron.com	6078	null	null
thelton@bdbc.com	6079	null	null
kchrist56@aol.com	6080	null	null
jhollingsworth@brobeck.com	6081	null	null
mcgowen.jan@epenergy.com	6082	null	null
kasey.davis@enron.com	6083	null	null
shea.mollere@elpaso.com	6084	null	null
drew_a_brabb@calpx.com	6085	null	null
ggusa@globalgreen.org	6086	null	null
mgmt.dl-rac@enron.com	6087	null	null
hitoshi.misaki@toshiba.co.jp	6088	null	null
piratebounty@lists.postlite.com	6089	null	null
emitra.nelson@enron.com	6090	null	null
mark.e.taylor@enron.com	6091	null	null
pmetteau@aglresources.com	6092	null	null
pmetteau@sequentenergy.com	6092	null	null
jennings.goodman@williams.com	6093	null	null
jennings@enron.com	6093	null	null
stowell.jonda@enron.com	6094	null	null
whatsnew@launch-media.net	6095	null	null
whatsnew@launch.com	6095	null	null
whatsnew@launch.net	6095	null	null
kim.zachary@enron.com	6096	null	null
robbin.stewart@enron.com	6097	null	null
improvements.100412385@s2u2.com	6098	null	null
mandmranch@ev1.net	6099	null	null
peter.quinn@wachovia.com	6100	null	null
ndesena@slk.com	6101	null	null
hddanz@yahoo.com	6102	null	null
david.hunker@enron.com	6103	null	null
skeane@enron.com	6104	null	null
d4902@mail.yahoo.co.jp	6105	null	null
deb.korkmas@enron.com	6106	null	null
gary.napper@enron.com	6107	null	null
bblair2@houston.rr.com	6108	null	null
barbara.keen@enron.com	6109	null	null
scott_nyquist@mckinsey.com	6110	null	null
erik.kingshill@enron.com	6111	null	null
jhairsmd@aol.com	6112	null	null
aschwarz@enron.com	6113	null	null
joseph.earle@enron.com	6114	null	null
rick.dietz@enron.com	6115	null	null
rick.dietz@kingwoodcable.com	6115	null	null
plemme@nyiso.com	6116	null	null
therese_lohman@enron.com	6117	null	null
enerfax1@bellsouth.net	6118	null	null
enerfax1@aol.com	6118	null	null
tanya.rohauer@enron.com	6119	null	null
mcadwalader@lecg.com	6120	null	null
craven.judith@enron.com	6121	null	null
tiko.reynolds@enron.com	6122	null	null
nasim.khan@enron.com	6123	null	null
diane.cutsforth@enron.com	6124	null	null
oasis502@apsc.com	6125	null	null
christopher.coffman@enron.com	6126	null	null
tony.hamilton@enron.com	6127	null	null
cardinfo@sportscardscenter.com	6128	null	null
tmoffet@amsterdampacific.com	6129	null	null
frizzell.jean@enron.com	6130	null	null
marcus.jagdeo@enron.com	6131	null	null
cheryl.sluder@delpapabud.com	6132	null	null
'sluder@enron.com	6132	null	null
crayb@coned.com	6133	null	null
crobacker@ipcgas.com	6134	null	null
gaurav.babbar@enron.com	6135	null	null
allatham@realtor.com	6136	null	null
melissa.barroso@compaq.com	6137	null	null
rnussbaum@lrsolutions.com	6138	null	null
nancy.bastida@enron.com	6139	null	null
awall@redsky.com	6140	null	null
mlm@opt33.edirectnetwork.net	6141	null	null
mlm@opt29.edirectnetwork.net	6141	null	null
mlm@opt36.edirectnetwork.net	6141	null	null
hormeljw@bp.com	6142	null	null
monica.clay@enron.com	6143	null	null
monica.clay@luminant.com	6143	null	null
breakfield@enron.com	6144	null	null
tcooper@ngfc.com	6145	null	null
brenthvn@nas.com	6146	null	null
tfleming@wm.com	6147	null	null
jcampb22@csc.com	6148	null	null
ect.helsinki@enron.com	6149	null	null
avramsiegel@yahoo.com	6150	null	null
avramsiegel@attbi.com	6150	null	null
avramsiegel@home.com	6150	null	null
avramsiegel@hotmail.com	6150	null	null
derek.edmiston@enron.com	6151	null	null
expediatraveldeals_031479@expedia.customer-email.com	6152	null	null
fxo@meekranchsales.com	6153	null	null
w..young@enron.com	6154	null	null
jsutton@enron.com	6155	null	null
joanne.bisbee@enron.com	6156	null	null
roy.armitage@enron.com	6157	null	null
vanessa.kerr@enron.com	6158	null	null
atandmh@earthlink.net	6159	null	null
caputo_david@jpmorgan.com	6160	null	null
vcarlson@pepsi.com	6161	null	null
rkcsk@kali.com.cn	6162	null	null
424368.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	6163	null	null
jacob.krautsch@enron.com	6164	null	null
deborah.samuel@usdoj.gov	6165	null	null
will.zamer@enron.com	6166	null	null
will@enron.com	6166	null	null
nancy.vu@enron.com	6167	null	null
ben.pacewic@phs.com	6168	null	null
b_pacewic@yahoo.com	6168	null	null
peter.russell@enron.com	6169	null	null
networkworld@nwwsubscribe.com	6170	null	null
slee-kauer@nymex.com	6171	null	null
slee@haas.berkeley.edu	6171	null	null
rick.hare@williams.com	6172	null	null
guillermo.arana@enron.com	6173	null	null
guillermo@enron.com	6173	null	null
vsacheson@duke-energy.com	6174	null	null
travis.winfrey@enron.com	6175	null	null
tmckenzie@caiso.com	6176	null	null
disneystore@disneyonline.go.com	6177	null	null
dolores.lenfest@enron.com	6178	null	null
john.sherriff@enron.com	6179	null	null
regina.hawley@enron.com	6180	null	null
william.gurrola@enron.com	6181	null	null
hsimien2@aol.com	6182	null	null
baishr@epenergy.com	6183	null	null
jsingletary@relinc.com	6184	null	null
556kahu@digitech.co.nz	6185	null	null
lisa.taucher@enron.com	6186	null	null
jason.b.bassett@ac.com	6187	null	null
aaron.jang@enron.com	6188	null	null
eric.boyt@enron.com	6189	null	null
edoziedaniel@yahoo.com	6190	null	null
mary.joyce@enron.com	6191	null	null
darlenet23@earthlink.net	6192	null	null
mayo@camh.org	6193	null	null
gwen@enron.com	6194	null	null
svmg.liaison.representatives@svmg.org	6195	null	null
holford-vz@email.msn.com	6196	null	null
masters@enron.com	6197	null	null
bldrmtns@talkmatch.com	6198	null	null
blqjuq5nwks@hotmail.com	6199	null	null
ag.o'connor@enron.com	6200	null	null
ag@oag.state.fl.us	6200	null	null
a..connor@enron.com	6200	null	null
tallen@mclarty.com	6201	null	null
tallen@buckham.com	6201	null	null
tallen@calico.com	6201	null	null
gregory.saverance@enron.com	6202	null	null
enerfaxdaily@enerfax.com	6203	null	null
gpi@houston.rr.com	6204	null	null
dale.newberger@enron.com	6205	null	null
barbara.waldrop@cox.com	6206	null	null
sarahm@flex.net	6207	null	null
ljohnson@isda.org	6208	null	null
ljohnson@enron.com	6208	null	null
ljohnson@pwrteam.com	6208	null	null
res6@mailman.enron.com	6209	null	null
jneeley@tnpe.com	6210	null	null
rstephens@bracepatt.com	6211	null	null
consumerinfo@opt29.naviantnetwork.net	6212	null	null
swtgurlntx@aol.com	6213	null	null
wbrown@axisdental.com	6214	null	null
wbrown@apx.com	6214	null	null
wbrown@lhom.com	6214	null	null
laurajahnke@hotmail.com	6215	null	null
thicks@sw.metrocall.com	6216	null	null
handsheal52@earthlink.net	6217	null	null
kylespencer@ev1.net	6218	null	null
tc@napanet.net	6219	null	null
mike_d_smith@enron.com	6220	null	null
ebay.24877740.3538.0@reply.ebay.com	6221	null	null
ebay@smartreminders.com	6221	null	null
3538@yahoo.com	6221	null	null
pickel.robert@enron.com	6222	null	null
specialistdirectories@euromoneyplc.com	6223	null	null
norman.levine@enron.com	6224	null	null
levine@haas.berkeley.edu	6224	null	null
richard.hammett@enron.com	6225	null	null
geri.greenall@enron.com	6226	null	null
greenall.geri@epenergy.com	6226	null	null
geri.greenall@elpaso.com	6226	null	null
geri@focusteam.com	6226	null	null
msavas@kpft.org	6227	null	null
jmathew@chematch.com	6228	null	null
mike.nolan@admis.com	6229	null	null
'nolan@enron.com	6229	null	null
michelle.ash@eia.doe.gov	6230	null	null
chad.gardner@enron.com	6231	null	null
philtice@deseretgt.com	6232	null	null
morin@usourceonline.com	6233	null	null
lagrasta@enron.com	6234	null	null
elio.tortolero@enron.com	6235	null	null
vicki.l.meszaros@ca.pwcglobal.com	6236	null	null
'.'arber@enron.com	6237	null	null
jwillett@bcr.com	6238	null	null
jwillett@itis.com	6238	null	null
jwillett@tnetri.atlantaga.ncr.com	6238	null	null
niamh.clarke@enron.com	6239	null	null
koepke@enron.com	6240	null	null
distribution.ees@enron.com	6241	null	null
ees.distribution@enron.com	6241	null	null
worsham@pdq.net	6242	null	null
beck.shantte@enron.com	6243	null	null
jtix@enron.com	6244	null	null
greatopp@neo2.neotraffix.com	6245	null	null
greatopp@mail2.emediatemail.com	6245	null	null
djohnson@fhtgq.enron.com	6246	null	null
djohnson@energy.state.ca.us	6246	null	null
mark.peterson@enron.com	6247	null	null
europe.eol@enron.com	6248	null	null
antik@gateway.net	6249	null	null
mlevin@sunlaw.com	6250	null	null
gverkleeren@zilkha.com	6251	null	null
drljva@hotmail.com	6252	null	null
texasbhp@bus.utexas.edu	6253	null	null
jeff.parker@ubspainewebber.com	6254	null	null
jlkhy@126.com	6255	null	null
pravas@ruf.rice.edu	6256	null	null
pravas@rice.edu	6256	null	null
jones.angela@enron.com	6257	null	null
jyoung@enron.com	6258	null	null
jyoung@igservice.com	6258	null	null
pam_r._oliverio@dom.com	6259	null	null
mshuggies@aol.com	6260	null	null
lvickers@br-inc.com	6261	null	null
stayton.pettyjohn@staffingresources.com	6262	null	null
stayton.pettyjohn@employbridge.net	6262	null	null
lori.saffer@enron.com	6263	null	null
avenueme@customoffers.com	6264	null	null
rospower@shaw.ca	6265	null	null
rospower@home.com	6265	null	null
r-0-735031-4166334-2-249-us1-1fa9989d@xmr3.com	6266	null	null
all.users@enron.com	6267	null	null
dianne.j.swiber@enron.com	6268	null	null
paige.hochberg@parsongroup.com	6269	null	null
croninbradleyl@jdcorp.deere.com	6270	null	null
pilar.cerezo@enron.com	6271	null	null
columbiahouse_music@clickaction.net	6272	null	null
whitman@kraft.com	6273	null	null
ray.bowen@enron.com	6274	null	null
reynoldsj@epeenrgy.com	6275	null	null
market_participant_ab1@calpx.com	6276	null	null
syaman@bayou.uh.edu	6277	null	null
rory.calhoun@enron.com	6278	null	null
bohan@nytimes.com	6279	null	null
nigel.price@enron.com	6280	null	null
michelle.merritt@enron.com	6281	null	null
kaseywalker@mindspring.com	6282	null	null
brenda.lopez@enron.com	6283	null	null
ttaylor4@enron.com	6284	null	null
deanrogers@energyclasses.com	6285	null	null
plazadirect@hotel.opt-inemail.com	6286	null	null
paless@bellsouth.net	6287	null	null
vincek@cs.stanford.edu	6288	null	null
vincek@stanford.edu	6288	null	null
vincek@palm.net	6288	null	null
vincek@leland.stanford.edu	6288	null	null
tori.hayden@enron.com	6289	null	null
hayden@enron.com	6289	null	null
twilliams@cilco.com	6290	null	null
twilliams@questia.com	6290	null	null
twilliams@evi.net	6290	null	null
twilliams@ev1.net	6290	null	null
shodgson@velaw.com	6291	null	null
pgarlinger@rcocpa.com	6292	null	null
byron.reid@enron.com	6293	null	null
scott.clark@chron.com	6294	null	null
scott.clark@enron.com	6294	null	null
saealumni@wpi.edu	6295	null	null
jcalbert@groupwise.marathonoil.com	6296	null	null
jcalbert@marathonoil.com	6296	null	null
dal.communityaffairs@dal.frb.org	6297	null	null
craig_vinson@cmicro.com	6298	null	null
jzufferli@home.com	6299	null	null
jzufferli@shaw.ca	6299	null	null
mary.sloan@enron.com	6300	null	null
maria.mitchell@enron.com	6301	null	null
enron.staff@enron.com	6302	null	null
matt_hughes@enron.com	6303	null	null
matt.hughes@enron.com	6303	null	null
2.3513.53-0xuwgn9yb4bk.1@cda01.cdnow.com	6304	null	null
hoduh@mail.www.yu	6305	null	null
15126-1029@m2.innovyx.com	6306	null	null
wufsc6yk5ut@hotmail.com	6307	null	null
ltam@ltdnet.com	6308	null	null
dmusslew@mccallgroup.com	6309	null	null
jeff.blumenthal@enron.com	6310	null	null
gualy@enron.com	6311	null	null
thompson.tom@enron.com	6312	null	null
wax@ghg.net	6313	null	null
aallbritton@velaw.com	6314	null	null
denise.rancour@enron.com	6315	null	null
gmcmahon@btuwatch.com	6316	null	null
cynthia_cheswick@cygnifi.com	6317	null	null
lonetoad13@ameritech.net	6318	null	null
onepass_012301@airmail.continental.com	6319	null	null
debbiegdm@absa.co.za	6320	null	null
angie.chappell@enron.com	6321	null	null
carrie.isaacks@enron.com	6322	null	null
pat.odonnell@ubsw.com	6323	null	null
pat.odonnell@pobox.com	6323	null	null
.odonnell@enron.com	6323	null	null
pat.odonnell@ubs.com	6323	null	null
druhyll1@clds.net	6324	null	null
dale.ramussen@enron.com	6325	null	null
justin.day@enron.com	6326	null	null
freedomcaravan@hotmail.com	6327	null	null
paul_puchot@enron.net	6328	null	null
paul.puchot@enron.com	6328	null	null
mememe@03583.com	6329	null	null
simon.hockenhull@enron.com	6330	null	null
annelle.york@wilcom.com	6331	null	null
york@llgm.com	6331	null	null
janice.avery@enron.com	6332	null	null
cdavis@glgt.com	6333	null	null
jmoriarty@fw-law.com	6334	null	null
chet_fenner@bmc.com	6335	null	null
chet@enron.com	6335	null	null
fenner@enron.com	6335	null	null
fenner'.'chet@enron.com	6335	null	null
'fenner@enron.com	6335	null	null
chet.fenner@enron.com	6335	null	null
chet_fenner@enron.com	6335	null	null
fenner.chet@enron.com	6335	null	null
mick1996@swbell.net	6336	null	null
jirayut.rungsrithong@enron.com	6337	null	null
ktullier@hotmail.com	6338	null	null
randymonk@hotmail.com	6339	null	null
brenda.mcafee@enron.com	6340	null	null
jared.kaiser@enron.com	6341	null	null
kaiser@germanwine.net	6341	null	null
jared.kaiser@ubswenergy.com	6341	null	null
caliva.todd@enron.com	6342	null	null
caliva.t.@enron.com	6342	null	null
david.a.samuels@dynegy.com	6343	null	null
heather.garratt@enron.com	6344	null	null
lawyerclr@aol.com	6345	null	null
thursby@enron.com	6346	null	null
samantha.kennedy@bankofamerica.com	6347	null	null
michael.bledsoe@ca.com	6348	null	null
'bledsoe@enron.com	6348	null	null
burke@haas.berkeley.edu	6349	null	null
tobiasmunk@yahoo.com	6350	null	null
sdaniel@ect.enron.com	6351	null	null
sdaniel@enron.com	6351	null	null
scottw@mathworks.com	6352	null	null
s..pollan@enron.com	6353	null	null
swatch@babybedding.com	6354	null	null
cumberland@naxs.com	6355	null	null
sean.bolks@dynegy.com	6356	null	null
sean.bolks@enron.com	6356	null	null
suan.dinh@enron.com	6357	null	null
jacklyn.anderson@csfb.com	6358	null	null
j..anderson@enron.com	6358	null	null
liu@enron.com	6359	null	null
eqewolfe@enron.com	6360	null	null
bhughes@sithe.com	6361	null	null
insynconline.6ngvqxxr.d@insync-palm.com	6362	null	null
bonnie.s.stoll@us.arthurandersen.com	6363	null	null
ralph.townsend@merrick.com	6364	null	null
dquillen@aracnet.com	6365	null	null
jeannie.l.cooper@us.andersen.com	6366	null	null
angelic.davis@enron.com	6367	null	null
davis.angelic@enron.com	6367	null	null
tjdovale@mindspring.com	6368	null	null
jim.homco@enron.com	6369	null	null
cctomes@lmus.leggmason.com	6370	null	null
ccreply@radioshack.com	6371	null	null
blbond@lcc.net	6372	null	null
united_e-fares_domestic_deals@info.ual.com	6373	null	null
hsmith3@attglobal.net	6374	null	null
fiberworks@hotmail.com	6375	null	null
tony.chen@enron.com	6376	null	null
charles.otto@enron.com	6377	null	null
zsxgcgrl@aol.com	6378	null	null
team.roswell-capitan@enron.com	6379	null	null
team.hobbs@enron.com	6380	null	null
beth.barrett@ubsw.com	6381	null	null
jkkeller@vssp.com	6382	null	null
psloan@milbank.com	6383	null	null
bird3397@yahoo.com	6384	null	null
robert.benningfield@enron.com	6385	null	null
duvalma@texaco.com	6386	null	null
pam.butler@enron.com	6387	null	null
bsamblanet@spp.org	6388	null	null
aibrahim1@houston.rr.com	6389	null	null
bmiller@hfflp.com	6390	null	null
bmiller@catalystone.com	6390	null	null
bmiller@hillcopartners.com	6390	null	null
rross@vidigo.com	6391	null	null
rross@aep.com	6391	null	null
boardroom@enron.com	6392	null	null
adele.raspe2@pseg.com	6393	null	null
adele@enron.com	6393	null	null
karen.allen@halliburton.com	6394	null	null
k..allen@enron.com	6394	null	null
esparza.scott@enron.com	6395	null	null
james.kloehr@entergykoch.com	6396	null	null
mchiuten@twcny.rr.com	6397	null	null
stock.list@enron.com	6398	null	null
rwinsor@zilkha.com	6399	null	null
lrenaud@bellatlantic.net	6400	null	null
doao@chevron.com	6401	null	null
lillian.carroll@enron.com	6402	null	null
james.brown@enron.com	6403	null	null
mary.nguyen@enron.com	6404	null	null
zerosully1@home.com	6405	null	null
bliss@camh.org	6406	null	null
dmoore2651@aol.com	6407	null	null
destey@tqcap.com	6408	null	null
fijsh@chat.ru	6409	null	null
sdunn@dlj.com	6410	null	null
ecox@panamsat.com	6411	null	null
matthew.olney@enron.com	6412	null	null
chelme@cox.net	6413	null	null
tclester@msn.com	6414	null	null
tclester@hotmail.msn.com	6414	null	null
ariopelle@coral-energy.com	6415	null	null
insynconline.61gxz579.d@insync-palm.com	6416	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3362@lists.smartmoney.com	6417	null	null
vettel22@flash.net	6418	null	null
tdbiddle@scj.com	6419	null	null
matt.pagano@sce.com	6420	null	null
420518.65181741.1@1.americanexpress.com	6421	null	null
carrie.d.austin@us.arthurandersen.com	6422	null	null
rick.le@enron.com	6423	null	null
marilyn.rice@compaq.com	6424	null	null
university.graduates@enron.com	6425	null	null
jkf1029@cs.com	6426	null	null
abraham.solomon@mustangeng.com	6427	null	null
griffith'.'bill@enron.com	6428	null	null
cookiemonster8@talkmatch.com	6429	null	null
3flatiron@home.com	6430	null	null
mdeer@mldeerconstruction.com	6431	null	null
leticia.flores@enron.com	6432	null	null
emily.allwardt@enron.com	6433	null	null
lisa.lees@enron.com	6434	null	null
lees@enron.com	6434	null	null
houstonchronicle-ecrm@chron-news.com	6435	null	null
nnieves@llgm.com	6436	null	null
neuhaus@enron.com	6437	null	null
neuhaus@3di.com	6437	null	null
robert.george@enron.com	6438	null	null
randy.bayless@csfb.com	6439	null	null
kim.clark@enron.com	6440	null	null
david.koogler@enron.com	6441	null	null
mfortugno@poseidon1.com	6442	null	null
mjschultz@thegrid.com	6443	null	null
office.chairman@enron.com	6444	null	null
chairman.office@enron.com	6444	null	null
office.chairman-@enron.com	6444	null	null
epao3@yahoo.com	6445	null	null
e..kasemervisz@enron.com	6446	null	null
l..day@enron.com	6447	null	null
pmollo@pnm.com	6448	null	null
gerry.hrap@enron.com	6449	null	null
min.zheng@enron.com	6450	null	null
349077.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	6451	null	null
maxnbev@wesnet.com	6452	null	null
scentan@entergy.com	6453	null	null
veronica.valdez@enron.com	6454	null	null
richard.bone@glo.tx.us	6455	null	null
richard.bone@glo.state.tx.us	6455	null	null
jerry.holt@enron.com	6456	null	null
chrisolantern@yahoo.com	6457	null	null
shawna.johnson@enron.com	6458	null	null
dynomitetnt8433@aol.com	6459	null	null
ptrkm8@lycos.com	6460	null	null
brown_mary_jo@lilly.com	6461	null	null
mary.brown@pwblf.org	6461	null	null
darren.maloney@enron.com	6462	null	null
mgam@list.asme.org	6463	null	null
fred.puetz@enron.com	6464	null	null
iain.greig@enron.com	6465	null	null
ochambe@cisco.com	6466	null	null
william.kendrick.enronxgate@enron.com	6467	null	null
william_kendrick@enron.com	6467	null	null
william.e.@enron.com	6467	null	null
william.kendrick@enron.com	6467	null	null
blood.peter@enron.com	6468	null	null
charles.alvarez@enron.com	6469	null	null
hector.campos@enron.com	6470	null	null
mary.johnson@enron.com	6471	null	null
elmohle@heart.org	6472	null	null
n..adenwala@enron.com	6473	null	null
franky.sulistio@enron.com	6474	null	null
franky@enron.com	6474	null	null
crax1504@pmicim.com	6475	null	null
precord@southwestern.edu	6476	null	null
san.reps@enron.com	6477	null	null
dbaumbach23@hotmail.com	6478	null	null
stephen.andrews@enron.com	6479	null	null
dclearfield@wolfblock.com	6480	null	null
joe.hellsten@enron.com	6481	null	null
trobert2@nd.edu	6482	null	null
betgraham@hotmail.com	6483	null	null
jergerm@hotmail.com	6484	null	null
ros_etc@ercot.com	6485	null	null
r-4-728402-1640008-2-453-us2-302c5a2f@xmr3.com	6486	null	null
lowerpymt@you.makeinformedchoices.com	6487	null	null
michael.flanigan@enron.com	6488	null	null
cschaffer@natsource.com	6489	null	null
cbcdesf@aol.com	6490	null	null
michelle.nelson@enron.com	6491	null	null
michelle'.'nelson@enron.com	6491	null	null
info.178@lanebryantmail.com	6492	null	null
sdemeo@milbank.com	6493	null	null
gary.hugo@enron.com	6494	null	null
joshua_shienkman@wyden.senate.gov	6495	null	null
noveena.mathew-joy@enron.com	6496	null	null
lgress@cisco.com	6497	null	null
charles_uus@eott.com	6498	null	null
charles.uus@enron.com	6498	null	null
debbie.ramey@enron.com	6499	null	null
gaynel.henley@enron.com	6500	null	null
scolling@gibbsbruns.com	6501	null	null
audible.com@zzz2.net	6502	null	null
audible@customoffers.com	6502	null	null
sford@velaw.com	6503	null	null
sford@whes.com	6503	null	null
jarmogi@enron.com	6504	null	null
lcwatson@shell-gt.com	6505	null	null
helpcenter@belointeractive.com	6506	null	null
brien@sparesfinder.com	6507	null	null
brien@am.sony.com	6507	null	null
mcbride@fms2000.com	6508	null	null
mlcarswel@aol.com	6509	null	null
debra_atkins@co.harris.tx.us	6510	null	null
william_tribe@ca.ml.com	6511	null	null
jtanzer@we-law.com	6512	null	null
gracie.presas@enron.com	6513	null	null
pch@escriptions.roi1.net	6514	null	null
silverbc@bingham.com	6515	null	null
trulove.william@enron.com	6516	null	null
b16906@webinfo.fi	6517	null	null
b16906@k.ro	6517	null	null
etselizondo@enron.com	6518	null	null
sbeemer@duke-energy.com	6519	null	null
danya.moody@enron.com	6520	null	null
andrzej_kabarowski@cargill.com	6521	null	null
greg.mackay@ubsw.com	6522	null	null
areynaud@coral-energy.com	6523	null	null
jwashington@mail.manderson.org	6524	null	null
ylco@pdq.net	6525	null	null
jennifer.miller@bus.utexas.edu	6526	null	null
jennifer_miller@customoffers.com	6526	null	null
rob.schorn@enron.com	6527	null	null
barbara.halle@enron.com	6528	null	null
kristin.albrecht@enron.com	6529	null	null
jason.sonnier@enron.com	6530	null	null
dam.schucher@bakerbotts.com	6531	null	null
sarah-joy.hunter@enron.com	6532	null	null
carolpoe3@hotmail.com	6533	null	null
mcgovernw@sec.gov	6534	null	null
cynthia.x.rutherford@kp.org	6535	null	null
theresa.branney@enron.com	6536	null	null
adam.nye@enron.com	6537	null	null
litigation.ljm@enron.com	6538	null	null
mawhitt@aol.com	6539	null	null
mawhitt@gvec.ney	6539	null	null
yvan.chaxel@enron.com	6540	null	null
sebastien.garcia@enron.com	6541	null	null
jim.taylor@merrick.com	6542	null	null
mbeatty@beattylaw.com	6543	null	null
jbarnette@siebel.com	6544	null	null
nick.stacey@enron.com	6545	null	null
suzanne.kelly@enron.com	6546	null	null
kelly.suzanne@enron.com	6546	null	null
yourfriends@maildb.bluemountainarts.com	6547	null	null
yourfriends@1.maildb.egreetings.com	6547	null	null
src@delphigroup.com	6548	null	null
brad.nelson@nrgenergy.com	6549	null	null
brian.stanley@enron.com	6550	null	null
cindy.cicchetti@enron.com	6551	null	null
holt.maureen@enron.com	6552	null	null
ron.baker@enron.com	6553	null	null
frank.derosa@gen.pge.com	6554	null	null
frank.derosa@neg.pge.com	6554	null	null
derosa@enron.com	6554	null	null
mcvicker@enron.com	6555	null	null
bncom_bncoupon@email.bn.com	6556	null	null
bncom_bncoupon@barnesandnoble.flonetwork.com	6556	null	null
bncom@email.bn.com	6556	null	null
tac@ercot.com	6557	null	null
will.shutt"@host2.webtwister.com@enron.com	6558	null	null
broadus.therese@enron.com	6559	null	null
karen55@earthlink.net	6560	null	null
godwin.carmona@aspeninstitute.org	6561	null	null
milnthorpe'.'rob@enron.com	6562	null	null
rob.milnthorpe@enron.com	6562	null	null
curtis.smith@enron.com	6563	null	null
g..connevey@enron.com	6564	null	null
sharon.solon@enron.com	6565	null	null
castaneda@enron.com	6566	null	null
capitolalb@aol.com	6567	null	null
nwrto@pplmt.com	6568	null	null
gcarmona@chicagoreader.com	6569	null	null
frank.ortiz@enron.com	6570	null	null
aervin@houston.org	6571	null	null
maria.salvatore@pseg.com	6572	null	null
qsemos@ercot.com	6573	null	null
jarx@pge.com	6574	null	null
jgselby@bpa.gov	6575	null	null
julio@enron.com	6576	null	null
julio@marinadelreytx.com	6576	null	null
vrhh6k6wrf3jf@hotmail.com	6577	null	null
connie.castillo@enron.com	6578	null	null
catsreaktkhrough.	6579	null	null
support.#99@enron.com	6580	null	null
adrnec@sugar-land.oilfield.slb.com	6581	null	null
jackie.young@enron.com	6582	null	null
cynthia.boseman-harris@enron.com	6583	null	null
c..harris@enron.com	6583	null	null
roberto.martinez@enron.com	6584	null	null
crescida.mccue@humble.k12.tx.us	6585	null	null
mccue@mdcsystems.com	6585	null	null
rcoueffin@avcan.com	6586	null	null
shanecgreen@earthlink.net	6587	null	null
stephanie.harris@enron.com	6588	null	null
jason.meeker@nike.com	6589	null	null
pierce.bo@enron.com	6590	null	null
bo@enron.com	6590	null	null
eray@judgeelizabethray.com	6591	null	null
brian_hoskins@enron.net	6592	null	null
brian.hoskins@enron.com	6592	null	null
brian_hoskins@enron.com	6592	null	null
massage.therapy@enron.com	6593	null	null
vglas@kingwoodcable.com	6594	null	null
neil.anderson@enron.com	6595	null	null
n..anderson@enron.com	6595	null	null
abshirek@epenergy.com	6596	null	null
daemon.extra@enron.com	6597	null	null
mary.franklin@enron.com	6598	null	null
bdonaldson@duke-energy.com	6599	null	null
rcit20011120@ombramarketing.com	6600	null	null
kurt_w_miller@pgn.com	6601	null	null
w.miller@enron.com	6601	null	null
w..miller@enron.com	6601	null	null
awalters96@yahoo.com	6602	null	null
e205-2@haas.berkeley.edu	6603	null	null
snoonan@intergen.com	6604	null	null
responses@newpower.com	6605	null	null
gmirich@enron.com	6606	null	null
birgit@hiresynergy.com	6607	null	null
dcagle@mariner-energy.com	6608	null	null
john.valdes@enron.com	6609	null	null
chgarn@ci.long-beach.ca.us	6610	null	null
leslyek@yahoo.com	6611	null	null
mary.bailey@enron.com	6612	null	null
430384.276956306.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	6613	null	null
associate.executives@enron.com	6614	null	null
gburk@aol.com	6615	null	null
rhihaga@aol.com	6616	null	null
osezgen@enron.com	6617	null	null
sdavid2@ect.enron.com	6618	null	null
market.development@enron.com	6619	null	null
brandi.morris@enron.com	6620	null	null
brandi@enron.com	6620	null	null
wwiles@lehman.com	6621	null	null
ricardo.szlejf@enron.com	6622	null	null
bernice@arenaenergy.com	6623	null	null
hernan@llgm.com	6624	null	null
sally.seelig@enron.com	6625	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_038332@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	6626	null	null
arobertshaw@eyeforenergy.com	6627	null	null
mihaly.ricardo@enron.com	6628	null	null
cldiaz@copamex.com	6629	null	null
rakjk@aol.com	6630	null	null
hoffman@enron.com	6631	null	null
hoffman@blackstone.com	6631	null	null
rasilerk@sullcrom.com	6632	null	null
ssarrett@itgnc.com	6633	null	null
ssarrett@itginc.com	6633	null	null
jan.bass@enron.com	6634	null	null
'anzer@enron.com	6635	null	null
anzer@amtexenterprises.com	6635	null	null
stephanie_rodeghiero@hp.com	6636	null	null
neilaj@texaco.com	6637	null	null
jaroslaw.solecki@worldnet.att.net	6638	null	null
ron_slimp@enron.net	6639	null	null
ron.slimp@enron.com	6639	null	null
seidmanconsult@enron.com	6640	null	null
seidmanconsult@aol.com	6640	null	null
boxerindy@aol.com	6641	null	null
macek.joseph@enron.com	6642	null	null
liz.prior@enron.com	6643	null	null
liz@layfam.com	6643	null	null
liz@luntz.com	6643	null	null
robert.j.traub@ucm.com	6644	null	null
richard.morell@enron.com	6645	null	null
jim.copeland@enron.com	6646	null	null
melinda.whalen@enron.com	6647	null	null
valerie.schultz@entergykoch.com	6648	null	null
valerie@digitalmaven.net	6648	null	null
bsummerfield@dceg.com	6649	null	null
keith.sparks@enron.com	6650	null	null
vbrawner@ameritech.net	6651	null	null
jason.d'souza@enron.com	6652	null	null
souza@enron.com	6652	null	null
souza@haas.berkeley.edu	6652	null	null
jergerm4178118@cs.com	6653	null	null
marion.horna@enron.com	6654	null	null
brookings_alert@www.brook.edu	6655	null	null
kriste.sullivan@enron.com	6656	null	null
kriste_sullivan@enron.com	6656	null	null
mfbixler@kistlerwine.com	6657	null	null
tammy.shepperd@enron.com	6658	null	null
wright.stan@enron.com	6659	null	null
syntrade@hotmail.com	6660	null	null
webcast@170systems.com	6661	null	null
yahoo-dev-null@yahoo-inc.com	6662	null	null
null@mailstrom.virtumundo.com	6662	null	null
null@virtumundo.com	6662	null	null
pmarston@marstonlaw.com	6663	null	null
yanzh@rice.edu	6664	null	null
expediafaretracker_031246@expedia.customer-email.com	6665	null	null
cmcdonald@llgm.com	6666	null	null
goodtiming@hey.letskeepintouch.com	6667	null	null
goodtiming@yes1.asapmailinfo.com	6667	null	null
swa@rice.edu	6668	null	null
jdprunkl@earthlink.net	6669	null	null
jmcrown@imanagersales.com	6670	null	null
kari@enron.com	6671	null	null
kari@crittgraham.com	6671	null	null
poho54@bluebon.net	6672	null	null
marla.hernandez@enron.com	6673	null	null
brooklyn.couch@enron.com	6674	null	null
angela.gill@enron.com	6675	null	null
'gill@enron.com	6675	null	null
truelick@worldnet.att.net	6676	null	null
vpho1975@aol.com	6677	null	null
1.12714936.-1@multexinvestornetwork.com	6678	null	null
cle-calendar@mail.abanet.org	6679	null	null
enerfax@yahoogroups.com	6680	null	null
enerfax@msn.com	6680	null	null
enerfax@lb.bcentral.com	6680	null	null
don.kirkindahl@enron.com	6681	null	null
vermeil.robyn@enron.com	6682	null	null
vermeil@ev1.net	6682	null	null
robyn.vermeil@enron.com	6682	null	null
vermeil@evl.net	6682	null	null
robyn@layfam.com	6682	null	null
vermeil@enron.com	6682	null	null
c29143@mail.ru	6683	null	null
drosen@cgsh.com	6684	null	null
sharon.morgan@enron.com	6685	null	null
kayla.harmon@enron.com	6686	null	null
johnny.mcgee@enron.com	6687	null	null
lancebertram@idealease.com	6688	null	null
gary91@vampiress.zzn.com	6689	null	null
team.capipeline@enron.com	6690	null	null
hdroberts@marathonoil.com	6691	null	null
anthony.dayao@enron.com	6692	null	null
dfarmer@ei.enron.com	6693	null	null
dfarmer@notes.enron.com	6693	null	null
dfarmer@enron.com	6693	null	null
dfarmer@ect.enron.com	6693	null	null
tradeline@netzero.net	6694	null	null
wjoor@velaw.com	6695	null	null
dgrams@sequentenergy.com	6696	null	null
jmaughn@serc1.org	6697	null	null
sbansal@cisco.com	6698	null	null
mcoda@tnc.org	6699	null	null
williakh@bp.com	6700	null	null
mark.bonney@enron.com	6701	null	null
kara_norris@hotmail.com	6702	null	null
legale.black@enron.com	6703	null	null
jwdean@aol.com	6704	null	null
rjkdstevens@aol.com	6705	null	null
jeanette.nickell@enron.com	6706	null	null
unwire-listadmin@client-mail.com	6707	null	null
listadmin@independent.org	6707	null	null
john.jay@sunday-times.co.uk	6708	null	null
chuck.wilkinson@enron.com	6709	null	null
mikesingh@telus.net	6710	null	null
tcnied@aol.com	6711	null	null
wooten.odis@enron.com	6712	null	null
rosanna.migliaccio@robertwalters.com	6713	null	null
busch@tablerock.net	6714	null	null
epoole@adplaw.com	6715	null	null
cbssportsline.com_planters@mail.0mm.com	6716	null	null
o'neal.winfree@enron.com	6717	null	null
'o'neal@enron.com	6717	null	null
kelly'.'evans@enron.com	6718	null	null
michael_schilmoeller@pgn.com	6719	null	null
michael.schilmoeller@enron.com	6719	null	null
mtbeli@hotmail.com	6720	null	null
wally.keenan@enron.com	6721	null	null
'keenan@enron.com	6721	null	null
keenan@bkollp.com	6721	null	null
epluribusunum@gsdm.com	6722	null	null
tcsjws@aol.com	6723	null	null
jcampbe2@ch2m.com	6724	null	null
david.oliver@enron.com	6725	null	null
rossberthelot@home.com	6726	null	null
su@enron.com	6727	null	null
john.cullen@enron.com	6728	null	null
joy.werner@enron.com	6729	null	null
werner@enron.com	6729	null	null
roger.ponce@enron.com	6730	null	null
sharon.gonzales@enron.com	6731	null	null
kristenmansure@economist.com	6732	null	null
robert.priddle@iea.org	6733	null	null
darrow.keith@enron.com	6734	null	null
revak@cadvision.com	6735	null	null
marcia.littledale@enron.com	6736	null	null
expediatraveldeals_034436@expedia.customer-email.com	6737	null	null
otts@epenergy.com	6738	null	null
amy.lee@enron.com	6739	null	null
a..lee@enron.com	6739	null	null
qq1173@msn.com	6740	null	null
theodore.a.schwab@rssmb.com	6741	null	null
greg.curran@enron.com	6742	null	null
jackie.hewett@enron.com	6743	null	null
acuramail@acura.com	6744	null	null
dopewars@beermatsoftware.com	6745	null	null
laura.gutierrez@enron.com	6746	null	null
v-daf38480bc30e674@listbot.com	6747	null	null
afm@cpuc.ca.gov	6748	null	null
aparks@acop.com	6749	null	null
truongd@timken.com	6750	null	null
cstrauss@mfah.org	6751	null	null
moyez.lallani@enron.com	6752	null	null
berkovitz.trista@enron.com	6753	null	null
friday.files.ibc@advanced-television.com	6754	null	null
friday.files@advanced-television.com	6754	null	null
team.gallup-sta4@enron.com	6755	null	null
team.gallup@enron.com	6755	null	null
tnoel@ercot.com	6756	null	null
tao@haas.berkeley.edu	6757	null	null
'hara@enron.com	6758	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_033512@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	6759	null	null
joseph.phelan@enron.com	6760	null	null
becky.radovich@enron.com	6761	null	null
a..woods@enron.com	6762	null	null
dianemcdermott@hotmail.com	6763	null	null
hulla@tdsecurities.com	6764	null	null
rhenn.cherry@enron.com	6765	null	null
elizabeth.shim@enron.com	6766	null	null
billc@rosequarter.com	6767	null	null
billc@greenbuilder.com	6767	null	null
ecklandt@winstim.com	6768	null	null
alumninet@ivey.uwo.ca	6769	null	null
kimberly_evans@reliantenergy.com	6770	null	null
sgould@andrew.cmu.edu	6771	null	null
jaeschke@marin.cc.ca.us	6772	null	null
halfcom@emsiweb.com	6773	null	null
johnstil@pacbell.net	6774	null	null
sellers.eldon@enron.com	6775	null	null
eldon@interx.net	6775	null	null
eldon@direcpc.com	6775	null	null
btabor@velaw.com	6776	null	null
mgarner@reliant.com	6777	null	null
elizabeth_jordan@aimfunds.com	6778	null	null
e..jordan@enron.com	6778	null	null
lianne.lami@enron.com	6779	null	null
mccomb.keith@enron.com	6780	null	null
mccomb'.'keith@enron.com	6780	null	null
blhxk@mail.www.yu	6781	null	null
jking6@enron.com	6782	null	null
team.panhandle@enron.com	6783	null	null
ameher@aep.com	6784	null	null
dstogsd@citgo.com	6785	null	null
brad.coleman@enron.com	6786	null	null
isb1@aol.com	6787	null	null
thall@aicconf.com.au	6788	null	null
fhmartinez@mocpr.com	6789	null	null
chip.schneider@enron.com	6790	null	null
brad.horn@nuon.com	6791	null	null
brad.horn@enron.com	6791	null	null
karenfitzgerald@bigfoot.com	6792	null	null
jfreeman@ssm.net	6793	null	null
rabernathy@caiso.com	6794	null	null
pnarayan@andrew.cmu.edu	6795	null	null
jjiles@bear.com	6796	null	null
jjgrodi@ameritech.net	6797	null	null
ron.nightingale@enron.com	6798	null	null
dacklin@acklin.com	6799	null	null
kmann@enron.com	6800	null	null
listening@roadrunnersports.com	6801	null	null
eswg@wscc.com	6802	null	null
alton.jackson@enron.com	6803	null	null
albert.escamilla@enron.com	6804	null	null
suyen@cook-inlet.com	6805	null	null
liz.hillman@enron.com	6806	null	null
martina.angelova@enron.com	6807	null	null
parentsnews@fastwebmail.com	6808	null	null
fiala@enron.com	6809	null	null
facs@mcgraw-hill.com	6810	null	null
linda.hallmark@enron.com	6811	null	null
eek@hbl-architects.com	6812	null	null
pat.weaver@enron.com	6813	null	null
joshua_sheinkman@wyden.senate.gov	6814	null	null
portfolio.dl-rac@enron.com	6815	null	null
portfolio@mworld.com	6815	null	null
declaris@mindspring.com	6816	null	null
declaris@declaris.com	6816	null	null
mark.harada@enron.com	6817	null	null
white.bob@enron.com	6818	null	null
ernest.pittarelli@ubsw.com	6819	null	null
epsonstore@ea.epson.com	6820	null	null
sjensen@bracepatt.com	6821	null	null
sjensen@amgen.com	6821	null	null
jdolginko@keyspanenergy.com	6822	null	null
robert.mancini@gs.com	6823	null	null
mancini@bcm.tmc.edu	6823	null	null
gregswidensky@duke-energy.com	6824	null	null
nfo@iaccgh.com	6825	null	null
nicole.pineda@enron.com	6826	null	null
jeri.fish@enron.com	6827	null	null
6.996.df-_z3y_13lxjmfprrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	6828	null	null
shielah.castro@enron.com	6829	null	null
castro@rice.edu	6829	null	null
e248-1@haas.berkeley.edu	6830	null	null
shapiro.rick@enron.com	6831	null	null
rick.shapiro@enron.com	6831	null	null
'rick.shapiro@enron.com	6831	null	null
m..blessitt@enron.com	6832	null	null
bsl@cpuc.ca.gov	6833	null	null
bsl@wyndmill.com	6833	null	null
sheila.pardo@enron.com	6834	null	null
blodge@btl.net	6835	null	null
quikbook@quikbook.com	6836	null	null
jyotiseth9@yahoo.co.in	6837	null	null
jill.setera@enron.com	6838	null	null
specialauctionsonline@news.sothebys.com	6839	null	null
jbarr@bracepatt.com	6840	null	null
mtbrommer@tid.org	6841	null	null
lila.holst@enron.com	6842	null	null
mudpuppies1@msn.com	6843	null	null
dtharpe@mac1988.com	6844	null	null
allan.weatherford@enron.com	6845	null	null
a.georgiou@enron.com	6846	null	null
steve.lyon@anderson.ucla.edu	6847	null	null
twinmmt@aol.com	6848	null	null
elaine.huber@nrgenergy.com	6849	null	null
sylvia.s.pollan@enron.com	6850	null	null
sylvia.pollan@enron.com	6850	null	null
patrwalke@earthlink.net	6851	null	null
v.charlie.weldon@enron.com	6852	null	null
v.weldon@enron.com	6852	null	null
charlie@enron.com	6852	null	null
nunley@heronet.ne.jp	6853	null	null
kk4p@andrew.cmu.edu	6854	null	null
mark.staff.brandl@switzerland.org	6855	null	null
rabide@yahoo.com	6856	null	null
sorobinson@swbell.net	6857	null	null
wvlarkin@travisintl.com	6858	null	null
monica.mulryan@nerc.net	6859	null	null
eservices@tdwaterhouse.com	6860	null	null
richard.zhang@enron.com	6861	null	null
pamedwards@academicplanet.com	6862	null	null
pgg4@pge.com	6863	null	null
ealderden@velaw.com	6864	null	null
mshoelen@palmergolf.com	6865	null	null
trond.hansen@enron.com	6866	null	null
tedkheel@aol.com	6867	null	null
sjohn@esc17.net	6868	null	null
subject:alldomesticemployeeswhoparticipateintheenroncorp	6869	null	null
subject:alldomesticemployeeswhoparticipateintheenroncorp.	6869	null	null
alliemartin@msn.com	6870	null	null
ceg_ir-rpt.um.a.2.78391@joinmail.ccbn.com	6871	null	null
dobb.donna@enron.com	6872	null	null
john.d.williamson@us.andersen.com	6873	null	null
williamson@enron.com	6873	null	null
chemat@softel.gda.pl	6874	null	null
entinger.scott@enron.com	6875	null	null
wsccnwsc@bpa.gov	6876	null	null
reardon.tom@enron.com	6877	null	null
ding.yuan@enron.com	6878	null	null
pdbcnmgr@prd-kc-rao2.ameritrade.com	6879	null	null
vegec@24x7recruiting.com	6880	null	null
james.b.lee@chase.com	6881	null	null
edelivery@salomonsmithbarney.com	6882	null	null
jstewart@cmta.net	6883	null	null
mike.layne@enron.com	6884	null	null
rbryan@hess.com	6885	null	null
jeff.greider@enron.com	6886	null	null
city.terry@enron.com	6887	null	null
ava.garcia@enron.com	6888	null	null
a..garcia@enron.com	6888	null	null
gary.ackerman@enron.com	6889	null	null
bbutler2@enron.com	6890	null	null
jim.mccabe@conectiv.com	6891	null	null
amicaliz@sda.uni-bocconi.it	6892	null	null
pgsd-5.johnson@enron.com	6893	null	null
schneidmar@aol.com	6894	null	null
ian_shaughnessy@nai.com	6895	null	null
dvd_277@turbomail.net	6896	null	null
405953.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	6897	null	null
wilson.april@enron.com	6898	null	null
sraymond@susmangodfrey.com	6899	null	null
jerry.delmissier@barclayscapital.com	6900	null	null
brandon.bangerter@enron.com	6901	null	null
brandon@enron.com	6901	null	null
paul.mead@enron.com	6902	null	null
paul.mead@barcap.com	6902	null	null
mark.nutter@ipgdirect.com	6903	null	null
zjsfezeyghyhmie@msn.com	6904	null	null
sl.morrison@mbltd.com	6905	null	null
sl@mmf.com	6905	null	null
cmcconvey@aimsolder.com	6906	null	null
collectivedesigns@mediaone.net	6907	null	null
gkinney@texas.net	6908	null	null
jkelly@sj.com	6909	null	null
jkelly@sjindustries.com	6909	null	null
jkelly@hotmail.com	6909	null	null
jkelly@arpartners.com	6909	null	null
jkelly@fairisaac.com	6909	null	null
jkelly@haas.berkeley.edu	6909	null	null
joya.williams@enron.com	6910	null	null
djones@calpine.com	6911	null	null
djones@aigi.com	6911	null	null
rob_wiggins@agfg.com	6912	null	null
mary.schoen@enron.com	6913	null	null
driker@crai.com	6914	null	null
stamer@wharton.upenn.edu	6915	null	null
david.taylor@apachecorp.com	6916	null	null
ebs@enron.com	6917	null	null
willie.stewart@enron.com	6918	null	null
srijay@ieor.berkeley.edu	6919	null	null
markus.fiala@enron.com	6920	null	null
saha'.'cheryl@enron.com	6921	null	null
dzolkin@milbank.com	6922	null	null
al.mitchell@conoco.com	6923	null	null
dtman@top.monad.net	6924	null	null
kparks1@houston.rr.com	6925	null	null
chuck.baumgart@enron.com	6926	null	null
john.welch@nrgenergy.com	6927	null	null
jjuarez@plnrs.com	6928	null	null
kirsten.ross@enron.com	6929	null	null
bandabeckman@msn.com	6930	null	null
kathryn.gonzales@enron.com	6931	null	null
joey.olivier@ac.com	6932	null	null
l..clifford@enron.com	6933	null	null
sdtick@msn.com	6934	null	null
sdtick@email.msn.com	6934	null	null
'ball@enron.com	6935	null	null
breasoner@gibbs-bruns.com	6936	null	null
jeffrey.r.pearson@dartmouth.edu	6937	null	null
windandweather@response.etracks.com	6938	null	null
etgfcd9qwant@hotmail.com	6939	null	null
simone.lewis@enron.com	6940	null	null
jalibow@yahoo.com	6941	null	null
paula.pierre@enron.com	6942	null	null
janet.simpson@trade-ranger.com	6943	null	null
chris.smith@enron.com	6944	null	null
chris.smith@southtrust.com	6944	null	null
tsumbler@universalcompression.com	6945	null	null
loricope@akllp.com	6946	null	null
varga@kudlow.com	6947	null	null
registrar@communicast.com	6948	null	null
registrar@amunet.edu	6948	null	null
nicole.russell@mirant.com	6949	null	null
ltt@cpuc.ca.gov	6950	null	null
jbakker@mayerbrown.com	6951	null	null
mathis.conner@enron.com	6952	null	null
susan.w.pereira@enron.com	6953	null	null
mkaplan@carbon.cudenver.edu	6954	null	null
pgraff@reliant.com	6955	null	null
pgraff@reliantenergy.com	6955	null	null
scsatkfa@caprock.net	6956	null	null
beth.meyer@enron.com	6957	null	null
patty.donahue@chase.com	6958	null	null
charles.yeung@enron.com	6959	null	null
l..kelly@enron.com	6960	null	null
john.cote@enron.com	6961	null	null
dl-erc@enron.com	6962	null	null
cregg.lancaster@enron.com	6963	null	null
david.johnson@enron.com	6964	null	null
vonrob@speakeasy.net	6965	null	null
garyp@rioalto.com	6966	null	null
leslie.smith@enron.com	6967	null	null
l..smith@enron.com	6967	null	null
ep8q@msn.com	6968	null	null
cbonagui@hodgsonruss.com	6969	null	null
susan_j_mara@enron.com	6970	null	null
susan.j.mara@enron.com	6970	null	null
'redding@enron.com	6971	null	null
thomas.padron@gfinet.com	6972	null	null
r.jeff.williams@accenture.com	6973	null	null
r..williams@enron.com	6973	null	null
dianef@houston.rr.com	6974	null	null
novbar@gateway.stcl.edu	6975	null	null
keith-sappenfield@reliantenergy.com	6976	null	null
romesh_wadhwani@i2.com	6977	null	null
paulpdx@msn.com	6978	null	null
amy.mulligan@enron.com	6979	null	null
eq64dmbyifwpt6a.ruscitti1@newman.oscar.aol.com	6980	null	null
robert.yeo@enron.com	6981	null	null
sfp42@aol.com	6982	null	null
kenneth.walther@enron.com	6983	null	null
barbara.g.shaull@williams.com	6984	null	null
brent.hendry@enron.com	6985	null	null
hamad3@aol.com	6986	null	null
walter.pye@macquarie.com.au	6987	null	null
alain_bohbot@hotmail.com	6988	null	null
michael.slayton@enron.com	6989	null	null
simpson.scott@enron.com	6990	null	null
slins@city.glendale.ca.us	6991	null	null
slins@ci.glendale.ca.us	6991	null	null
a.fishkin@enron.com	6992	null	null
rbp864@aol.com	6993	null	null
ljahnke@aerotek.com	6994	null	null
lance.mccarthy@enron.com	6995	null	null
meredith.homco@enron.com	6996	null	null
mkopinski@prodigy.net	6997	null	null
peter.israel@boral.com.au	6998	null	null
dgivens@intellibridge.com	6999	null	null
clehmann.dho@deltasteel.com	7000	null	null
qing.wu@enron.com	7001	null	null
eddy.thomas@enron.com	7002	null	null
bodyshop@enron.com	7003	null	null
8775862949@skytel.com	7004	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3880@lists.smartmoney.com	7005	null	null
jgedwards@hotmail.com	7006	null	null
richard.a.sibery@us.andersen.com	7007	null	null
jwilli@cyberport.com	7008	null	null
jwilli@freewwweb.com	7008	null	null
jwilli@callnetuk.com	7008	null	null
stan.jablonski@enron.com	7009	null	null
mark.palmer@enron.com	7010	null	null
mark'.'palmer@enron.com	7010	null	null
schriverrg@state.gov	7011	null	null
cashley@poha.com	7012	null	null
kevin.alvarado@enron.com	7013	null	null
'alvarado@enron.com	7013	null	null
alvarado@enron.com	7013	null	null
q-series@car-audio-discount.com	7014	null	null
jennifer-gillaspie@reliantenergy.com	7015	null	null
clukawski@hitt-gc.com	7016	null	null
alai@haas.berkeley.edu	7017	null	null
ndunbar@risk.co.uk	7018	null	null
david.kates@enron.com	7019	null	null
frosenzweig@dca.pemex.com	7020	null	null
abrown@redstonebank.com	7021	null	null
abrown@iusb.edu	7021	null	null
hyperioninfo@hyperion.com	7022	null	null
bfranks555@yahoo.com	7023	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.105072@joinmail.ccbn.com	7024	null	null
kevin.kohnstamm@enron.com	7025	null	null
ddeach@calpx.com	7026	null	null
harrisonj@argentgroupltd.com	7027	null	null
e..moore@enron.com	7028	null	null
r.dobson@pecorp.com	7029	null	null
invest@kg21.net	7030	null	null
ez@mailman.enron.com	7031	null	null
anne_pedrero@cargill.com	7032	null	null
trifecta01.10@reply.pm0.net	7033	null	null
kleindorfer@wharton.upenn.edu	7034	null	null
brian.dawson@enron.com	7035	null	null
lbroocks@ogwb.com	7036	null	null
delas@aol.com	7037	null	null
dmayeux@1stconnect.com	7038	null	null
susan.rich@enron.com	7039	null	null
axisteam@enron.com	7040	null	null
kklavers@phillips.com	7041	null	null
bukowski@haas.berkeley.edu	7042	null	null
kencars@aol.com	7043	null	null
tammy.schoppe@enron.com	7044	null	null
front.desk@enron.com	7045	null	null
kenny.soignet@enron.com	7046	null	null
sue.foust@enron.com	7047	null	null
ea01@has.berkeley.edu	7048	null	null
ea01@haas.berkeley.edu	7048	null	null
jackh@rmdfw.com	7049	null	null
tait@tycoelectronics.com	7050	null	null
mike.jakubik@enron.com	7051	null	null
tax.houston@enron.com	7052	null	null
houston.tax@enron.com	7052	null	null
randy.belyeu@enron.com	7053	null	null
c.leahy@mail.utexas.edu	7054	null	null
huertav@ops.org	7055	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.81947@joinmail.ccbn.com	7056	null	null
ceg_ir-news@joinmail.ccbn.com	7056	null	null
faretracker_008367@faretracker.expedia.customer-email.com	7057	null	null
daniel.haas@nepco.com	7058	null	null
daniel.haas@enron.com	7058	null	null
tmckennapc@aol.com	7059	null	null
american.analyst.x@crmems.com	7060	null	null
shilpa.kadakia@enron.com	7061	null	null
mcguinn.stephen@enron.com	7062	null	null
a..noble-buddner@enron.com	7063	null	null
rsetton@brobeck.com	7064	null	null
anne.edgley@enron.com	7065	null	null
artistinsider@info.artistdirect.com	7066	null	null
dorothea.stockstill@mirant.com	7067	null	null
gtamber@yahoo.co.uk	7068	null	null
simon.duff@enron.com	7069	null	null
bounce-stocknight-306006p@lyris.stocknight.com	7070	null	null
njeppson@yahoo.com	7071	null	null
njeppson@allenco.com	7071	null	null
teddy.ward@enron.com	7072	null	null
johnroberson1@compuserve.com	7073	null	null
2.3513.f6-r7pk1ttjv76c.1@cda01.cdnow.com	7074	null	null
dl-ga-pas@enron.com	7075	null	null
smanzon@flashfind.com	7076	null	null
optimization.dl-ets@enron.com	7077	null	null
magnunc1@jhuapl.edu	7078	null	null
amy.jon@enron.com	7079	null	null
christiepatrick@msn.com	7080	null	null
judy.warhover@elpaso.com	7081	null	null
everett.s.gibbs@us.andersen.com	7082	null	null
d'ann.gordon@enron.com	7083	null	null
edward.grubb@control-risks.com	7084	null	null
mfjordan@mapllc.com	7085	null	null
steven.rose@enron.com	7086	null	null
donnell@piperrudnick.com	7087	null	null
shrirams@hotmail.com	7088	null	null
david.reinfeld@enron.com	7089	null	null
andy.pace@enron.com	7090	null	null
pace.andy@enron.com	7090	null	null
tom.balestrery@elpaso.com	7091	null	null
lee.steele@enron.com	7092	null	null
rcfd20011117@ombramarketing.com	7093	null	null
chuizer@lycos.com	7094	null	null
brad.harris@enron.com	7095	null	null
kris.johnson@reusetech.com	7096	null	null
harora@ect.enron.com	7097	null	null
harora@enron.com	7097	null	null
brad.carson@enron.com	7098	null	null
praveen@wam.umd.edu	7099	null	null
cbpels@lyondell.com	7100	null	null
mark.mullen@enron.com	7101	null	null
eric.tan@enron.com	7102	null	null
bill.'sharon@enron.com	7103	null	null
mfleming1@marathonoil.com	7104	null	null
kthomas@betzcompanies.com	7105	null	null
tamarajae.black@enron.com	7106	null	null
greg.blue@dynegy.com	7107	null	null
mfe02@haas.berkeley.edu	7108	null	null
bill.pond@garden.com	7109	null	null
clynne5@hotmail.com	7110	null	null
randy.lagrimini@enron.com	7111	null	null
lucky@webnology.com	7112	null	null
lucky@icelandair.is	7112	null	null
nikki.slade@enron.com	7113	null	null
nikki.slade@gs.com	7113	null	null
jglathe@yahoo.com	7114	null	null
dharris@shearman.com	7115	null	null
jim.fussell@enron.com	7116	null	null
watson_wyatt_houston@watsonwyatt.com	7117	null	null
inc..basden@enron.com	7118	null	null
andrea.crump@enron.com	7119	null	null
iaian6@aol.com	7120	null	null
mike.stokdyk@enron.com	7121	null	null
budanski@hotmail.com	7122	null	null
n.smith@enron.com	7123	null	null
roger.osborn@enron.com	7124	null	null
jhawker@petersco.com	7125	null	null
hi@mailman.enron.com	7126	null	null
rstalford@enron.com	7127	null	null
rstalford@hotmail.com	7127	null	null
cassim.mangerah@enron.com	7128	null	null
toussaint@enron.com	7129	null	null
nicoa.dunne@ps.ge.com	7130	null	null
patrick.hanse@enron.com	7131	null	null
michael.danielson@enron.com	7132	null	null
cheatsheets@egroups.com	7133	null	null
cheatsheets@yahoogroups.com	7133	null	null
citysearchnewsletters@email.citysearch.com	7134	null	null
kerjordan@yahoo.com	7135	null	null
sarah.wesner@enron.com	7136	null	null
jfoster@corustuscaloosa.com	7137	null	null
lildaigs@aol.com	7138	null	null
ddoxsie@qctimes.com	7139	null	null
johnelle.s.matthews@mail.sprint.com	7140	null	null
achilles.kirsten@gene.com	7141	null	null
angela.cadena@enron.com	7142	null	null
insynconline.6vzgf1mg.d@insync-palm.com	7143	null	null
tdinkins@dinkinslaw.com	7144	null	null
douglas_nichols@pgn.com	7145	null	null
douglas.nichols@enron.com	7145	null	null
caroletom@prodigy.net	7146	null	null
ebay.54422217.3944.0@reply.ebay.com	7147	null	null
lesdale@deltavacations.com	7148	null	null
baird.yolanda@enron.com	7149	null	null
baird@enron.com	7149	null	null
miltonptx@pdq.net	7150	null	null
cynthia.rivers@enron.com	7151	null	null
greg_wilson@es.adp.com	7152	null	null
sevan.manougian@cgc.enbridge.com	7153	null	null
cheshirecat@newpower.com	7154	null	null
rcknfsu1@agoramail.net	7155	null	null
narda@alles-finden.de	7156	null	null
theizenrader@enron.com	7157	null	null
caroline_champion@mhhs.org	7158	null	null
pallen70@hotmail.com	7159	null	null
fletcher.deborah@enron.com	7160	null	null
kenenglish@txu.com	7161	null	null
eosi@msn.com	7162	null	null
joan.veselack@enron.com	7163	null	null
joan_veselack@ect.enron.com	7163	null	null
'veselack@enron.com	7163	null	null
veselack@enron.com	7163	null	null
joan_veselack@enron.com	7163	null	null
stp19992000@yahoo.com	7164	null	null
shelly.payne@enron.com	7165	null	null
asis_nandi@embanet.com	7166	null	null
newweather@apbenergy.com	7167	null	null
debra.coleman@enron.com	7168	null	null
monica.richards@enron.com	7169	null	null
dad.mom@enron.com	7170	null	null
'dad'@enron.com	7170	null	null
dad@enron.com	7170	null	null
calstot@pdrcorp.com	7171	null	null
hthurlow@aol.com	7172	null	null
aminski@aol.com	7173	null	null
karpenter@hotmail.com	7174	null	null
chase_shop@customoffers.com	7175	null	null
sarah.nicoud@oracle.com	7176	null	null
deborah_macdonald@kindermorgan.com	7177	null	null
bouckaert.michel@enron.com	7178	null	null
mshade@enron.com	7179	null	null
halnromm@hotmail.com	7180	null	null
judy.nyegaard@enron.com	7181	null	null
melanie.king@enron.com	7182	null	null
m..king@enron.com	7182	null	null
pradfor@enron.com	7183	null	null
elizabeth.atkinson@enron.com	7184	null	null
gina.alston@eprime.com	7185	null	null
georgette.semaan@enron.com	7186	null	null
georgette@hawkespeers.com	7186	null	null
roger.espinoza@enron.com	7187	null	null
eborah".'"greenwood@enron.com	7188	null	null
dbarker@socalgas.com	7189	null	null
kcarter@simmonsco-intl.com	7190	null	null
alicia_sallee@hotmail.com	7191	null	null
emailingservice@sohu.com	7192	null	null
aworobel@ftenergy.com	7193	null	null
mikecroswell@aol.com	7194	null	null
darren.delage@enron.com	7195	null	null
delage@enron.com	7195	null	null
webadmin@novator.com	7196	null	null
katja.schilling@enron.com	7197	null	null
walt.zimmerman@enron.com	7198	null	null
zimmerman@enron.com	7198	null	null
walt_zimmerman@eott.com	7198	null	null
alex.hernandez@enron.com	7199	null	null
kstalker@risklimited.com	7200	null	null
john.sturn@enron.com	7201	null	null
neta.zitnik@enron.com	7202	null	null
paulsen@wapa.gov	7203	null	null
tribute@www.utexas.edu	7204	null	null
richard.ramirez@lcra.org	7205	null	null
patricia.villalobos@enron.com	7206	null	null
thomas.hiltabrand@enron.com	7207	null	null
kje451@aol.com	7208	null	null
pat.kokes@dynegy.com	7209	null	null
brezna.paul@enron.com	7210	null	null
johnson.marc@lycos.com	7211	null	null
dmccann@pac.state.ca.us	7212	null	null
kws@vitol.com	7213	null	null
dcashdan@realenergy.com	7214	null	null
mcasisa@vignette.com	7215	null	null
thorsing@mctcnet.net	7216	null	null
klay.enron@enron.com	7217	null	null
klay@enron.com	7217	null	null
kevin.clark@ci.seattle.wa.us	7218	null	null
larry.jester@enron.com	7219	null	null
jester.larry@enron.com	7219	null	null
legaltemp4@enron.com	7220	null	null
tiffany.smith@enron.com	7221	null	null
brenda.fletcher@enron.com	7222	null	null
david.eldridge@enron.com	7223	null	null
edith_l_wallace@reliantenergy.com	7224	null	null
cgcarmic@uswest.net	7225	null	null
diane.kean@worldnet.att.net	7226	null	null
tammie.huthmacher@enron.com	7227	null	null
lesliewmadams@aol.com	7228	null	null
jkm8@pge.com	7229	null	null
kevin.ashby@enron.com	7230	null	null
mformaggio@autorita.energia.it	7231	null	null
ashill@worldnet.att.net	7232	null	null
ashill@potashcorp.com	7232	null	null
claudeman@qwest.net	7233	null	null
dax_sanders@kindermorgan.com	7234	null	null
dax.sanders@enron.com	7234	null	null
lnichols@bpa.gov	7235	null	null
rembm@andrews-kurth.com	7236	null	null
mike.burke@enron.com	7237	null	null
michael.crump@enron.com	7238	null	null
peter.del@enron.com	7239	null	null
isabel.romero@enron.com	7240	null	null
ricardo.ramosseyffert@ey.com	7241	null	null
partner_announcements@mp3.com	7242	null	null
partner@powermerchants.com	7242	null	null
quigbe@aol.com	7243	null	null
messaging.administration@enron.com	7244	null	null
_administration@enron.com	7244	null	null
kyle.kitagawa@enron.com	7245	null	null
willie.scott@enron.com	7246	null	null
wheless.laura@enron.com	7247	null	null
kelli.fulton@mail.house.gov	7248	null	null
kelli@ppallc.com	7248	null	null
alicia.jones@enron.com	7249	null	null
derekaberle@aec.ca	7250	null	null
shawnt@coralweb.com	7251	null	null
larry_scott@velocitymail.com	7252	null	null
paramfjord@stoel.com	7253	null	null
aashburn@mindspring.com	7254	null	null
alea@mcgown.com	7255	null	null
ziminlu@yahoo.com	7256	null	null
kgrunsfe@ubspainewebber.com	7257	null	null
veronica.medrano@enron.com	7258	null	null
alyssa.irving@fitchratings.com	7259	null	null
smelton@columbiaenergygroup.com	7260	null	null
teresa.wood@enron.com	7261	null	null
gotn12@cs.com	7262	null	null
knewlon@baughpdx.com	7263	null	null
bloomingapricot@aol.com	7264	null	null
dheineke@corustuscaloosa.com	7265	null	null
dheineke@tsteel.com	7265	null	null
david.tagliarino@enron.com	7266	null	null
dherrold@enlineresources.com	7267	null	null
hjreddish@sbinfra.com	7268	null	null
craig.keith@enron.com	7269	null	null
richard.diamond@enron.com	7270	null	null
sweison@enron.com	7271	null	null
tom_meredith@dell.com	7272	null	null
connorsg@staffsource-inc.com	7273	null	null
michael.harris@enron.com	7274	null	null
jagjit.dhaliwal@enron.com	7275	null	null
hai.chen@enron.com	7276	null	null
hai@enron.com	7276	null	null
dwilleford@sweci.com	7277	null	null
dan.maxwell@enron.com	7278	null	null
wxm@cpuc.ca.gov	7279	null	null
bounce-app-ippexecs-33275@listserver.eei.org	7280	null	null
bounce-app-ippexecs-33275@ls.eei.org	7280	null	null
app-ippexecs@ls.eei.org	7280	null	null
app-ippexecs@listserver.eei.org	7280	null	null
pam4605@hotpop.com	7281	null	null
users1.dl-enron@enron.com	7282	null	null
aelia@isda-eur.org	7283	null	null
brian_wood@dell.com	7284	null	null
brian.wood@enron.com	7284	null	null
kim.farr@funb.com	7285	null	null
chad.shimaitis@dynegy.com	7286	null	null
charlotte.stalin@cliffordchance.com	7287	null	null
jennifer.teel@ec-power.com	7288	null	null
golfboxx@golfboxx.com	7289	null	null
ruth.brown@enron.com	7290	null	null
b..leftwich@enron.com	7291	null	null
cynthia.clark@enron.com	7292	null	null
lberzins@compuserve.com	7293	null	null
adamon@deloitte.com	7294	null	null
adamon@dttus.com	7294	null	null
insynconline.68fqbm29.d@insync-palm.com	7295	null	null
ereplies@maild.specialofferscentral.com	7296	null	null
llhhvg@earthlink.net	7297	null	null
michael_r._shahan@dom.com	7298	null	null
1800flowers.195367247@s2u2.com	7299	null	null
elisa.tamez@enron.com	7300	null	null
mark.e.haedicke.ect@enron.com	7301	null	null
sean.williams@enron.com	7302	null	null
webber@enron.com	7303	null	null
victoria.versen@enron.com	7304	null	null
skyuser@skytel.com	7305	null	null
shyster451@aol.com	7306	null	null
cynthia.midura@pseg.com	7307	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.90069@joinmail.ccbn.com	7308	null	null
wilson.dietrich@enron.com	7309	null	null
d..wilson@enron.com	7309	null	null
d.wilson@enron.com	7309	null	null
piazzet@wharton.upenn.edu	7310	null	null
mace@enron.com	7311	null	null
aclhart@aol.com	7312	null	null
michael.smith@enron.com	7313	null	null
mkrenzer@velaw.com	7314	null	null
chribernik@proliance.com	7315	null	null
c.jenn@enron.com	7316	null	null
rmwalker@aep.com	7317	null	null
jwaldron@schwabe.com	7318	null	null
steve.kirk@dynegy.com	7319	null	null
steve.kirk@enron.com	7319	null	null
rkretsch@icc.state.il.us	7320	null	null
s22028@fun.21cn.com	7321	null	null
s22028@carioca.net	7321	null	null
hq711acr@worldnet.att.net	7322	null	null
acosta.juan@enron.com	7323	null	null
juan.acosta@bnsf.com	7323	null	null
david.a.bar@us.pwcglobal.com	7324	null	null
insynconline.6vf6d3yw.d@insync-palm.com	7325	null	null
felursus@nyc.rr.com	7326	null	null
wconwell@rr.com	7327	null	null
christina.yepez@enron.com	7328	null	null
tradingwilliams@enron.com	7329	null	null
lisamarieland@yahoo.com	7330	null	null
jmann@hr.ci.houston.tx.us	7331	null	null
george.canto@enron.com	7332	null	null
david.mims@enron.com	7333	null	null
dappel@ortc.com	7334	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.107536@joinmail.ccbn.com	7335	null	null
jerry.d.martin@enron.com	7336	null	null
d..martin@enron.com	7336	null	null
d.martin@enron.com	7336	null	null
jonathan.lane@enron.com	7337	null	null
lane@fastlanestudios.com	7337	null	null
omar.haneef@tigris.com	7338	null	null
kim.phan@enron.com	7339	null	null
gdrake@nyiso.com	7340	null	null
eol.wide@enron.com	7341	null	null
dtran2149@yahoo.com	7342	null	null
tanya.valderrama@enron.com	7343	null	null
tanya.v@lycos.com	7343	null	null
agoldschmidt@earthlink.net	7344	null	null
acahanchian@onebox.com	7345	null	null
acahanchian@zdnetonebox.com	7345	null	null
hso2pa9d2887@flashmail.com	7346	null	null
onepass_121800@airmail.continental.com	7347	null	null
mrodger3@entergy.com	7348	null	null
john.ford@enron.com	7349	null	null
carolann@att.com	7350	null	null
franklin.donnita@enron.com	7351	null	null
clinton.anderson@enron.com	7352	null	null
c.anderson@enron.com	7352	null	null
csleuth@email.infonautics.com	7353	null	null
thomas.lowell@enron.com	7354	null	null
nicole.hunter@enron.com	7355	null	null
dl-ga-all_ets@enron.com	7356	null	null
chris.slaughter@enron.com	7357	null	null
rwtovsoys@hotmail.com	7358	null	null
fom.cc@enron.com	7359	null	null
elsie.shaughnessy@dri-wefa.com	7360	null	null
carol.lapsley@enron.com	7361	null	null
teamann@enron.com	7362	null	null
marisha@enron.com	7363	null	null
carrie.mccourt@us.pwcglobal.com	7364	null	null
day.pam@enron.com	7365	null	null
lklein@rice.edu	7366	null	null
awccasey@aol.com	7367	null	null
james.brad@enron.com	7368	null	null
cacorcoran@mindspring.com	7369	null	null
cacorcoran@corcoran-law.com	7369	null	null
mgpromo072000@autobytel.com	7370	null	null
sdittmar@law.gwu.edu	7371	null	null
peter.bostwick@marshmc.com	7372	null	null
tchase@chasecom.net	7373	null	null
samir.s.desai@bakernet.com	7374	null	null
estefanik@home.com	7375	null	null
brett.r.wiggs@enron.com	7376	null	null
wiggs@enron.com	7376	null	null
brett.wiggs@enron.com	7376	null	null
fhilton@aep.com	7377	null	null
lqcolombo@aol.com	7378	null	null
cooja@gardere.com	7379	null	null
vkaminski@ol.com	7380	null	null
vkaminski@palm.net	7380	null	null
vkaminski@enron.com	7380	null	null
vkaminski@aol.com	7380	null	null
anthony.gilmore@enron.com	7381	null	null
j58391@aol.com	7382	null	null
05196715@juno.com	7383	null	null
edifio@coair.com	7384	null	null
ceg_ir-rpt.um.a.2.107542@joinmail.ccbn.com	7385	null	null
teresa.wright@enron.com	7386	null	null
wright.teresa@enron.com	7386	null	null
michelle.gross@enron.com	7387	null	null
gross@quadraenergy.com	7387	null	null
frank.lobdell@enron.com	7388	null	null
laskoaj@nu.com	7389	null	null
capstone@ktc.com	7390	null	null
capstone@texas.net	7390	null	null
6.602.53-n8ud0ma5f9kolea0ljbr-kxkkclt.1@mail3.travelocity.com	7391	null	null
nuttall@haas.berkeley.edu	7392	null	null
brightt@merchantenergy.com	7393	null	null
minima@clear.net.nz	7394	null	null
united.list@enron.com	7395	null	null
svandyke@gt.com	7396	null	null
susan.wood@enron.com	7397	null	null
mark.s.palmer@enron.com	7398	null	null
s..palmer@enron.com	7398	null	null
mark_s_palmer@enron.net	7398	null	null
exnet@restructuringtoday.com	7399	null	null
navigator@nisource.com	7400	null	null
navigator@ceg.com	7400	null	null
navigator@columbiaenergygroup.com	7400	null	null
laura.vargas@enron.com	7401	null	null
endofauction@ebay.com	7402	null	null
michael_j_sheedy@yahoo.com	7403	null	null
kevin.keeney@enron.com	7404	null	null
leslie.ferron-jones@neg.pge.com	7405	null	null
carrie.coldiron@enron.com	7406	null	null
rlarson@caiso.com	7407	null	null
shirley.davey@enron.com	7408	null	null
kwaize@hotmail.com	7409	null	null
tom.mashington@enron.com	7410	null	null
5209072890@mobile.att.net	7411	null	null
5209072890@mobile.mycingular.net	7411	null	null
brandyshen@yahoo.com	7412	null	null
yoboliba@yahoo.com	7413	null	null
mike.panozzo@ey.com	7414	null	null
bill.fowler@enron.com	7415	null	null
maurice.gilbert@enron.com	7416	null	null
sales.ue.s9303.m18456351@ixs1.net	7417	null	null
carlton.cavan@enron.com	7418	null	null
cavan.c.carlton@williams.com	7418	null	null
sweetp@netropolis.net	7419	null	null
je@tfts.tozzini.com.br	7420	null	null
wsahlman@hbs.edu	7421	null	null
raj.thapar@enron.com	7422	null	null
.'raj@enron.com	7422	null	null
raj@enron.com	7422	null	null
raj@monm.edu	7422	null	null
mark.ziolkowski@enron.com	7423	null	null
'whittaker@enron.com	7424	null	null
ariane.saney@caminus.com	7425	null	null
hreasner@velaw.com	7426	null	null
cpburkhart@yahoo.com	7427	null	null
jestings@rubiconcorporation.com	7428	null	null
jestings@haas.berkeley.edu	7428	null	null
araemurphy@hotmail.com	7429	null	null
cws3@georgetown.edu	7430	null	null
gkbrazaitis@aep.com	7431	null	null
buckeyetarheel@iopener.net	7432	null	null
naftcorp@aol.com	7433	null	null
kelley.shelby@enron.com	7434	null	null
kelley@icemiller.com	7434	null	null
ganesh.mani@enron.com	7435	null	null
carnold@iso-ne.com	7436	null	null
lisa.a.thielemann@chase.com	7437	null	null
daho@dynegy.com	7438	null	null
stephen.meade@gbucs.com	7439	null	null
'portouw@enron.com	7440	null	null
kendal.bowman@pgnmail.com	7441	null	null
bowman@enron.com	7441	null	null
kdoris@corelab.com	7442	null	null
john.keffer@enron.com	7443	null	null
s..trevino@enron.com	7444	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_042401@airmail.continental.com	7445	null	null
jason.peter@enron.com	7446	null	null
blake.walker@enron.com	7447	null	null
scofer@llgm.com	7448	null	null
tdepaoli@sequentenergy.com	7449	null	null
insynconline.6bgnrw6x.d@insync-palm.com	7450	null	null
aotoole@dresdner.com	7451	null	null
jfitzge@ect.enron.com	7452	null	null
editorial@realtimetraders.com	7453	null	null
editorial@mail.realtimetraders.com	7453	null	null
randy.otto@enron.com	7454	null	null
ddawsonbrown@yahoo.com	7455	null	null
abraham5@flash.net	7456	null	null
gregory.steagall@enron.com	7457	null	null
instructions@freejokesforyou.com	7458	null	null
mburt@wm.com	7459	null	null
lefferts@enron.com	7460	null	null
shirley.s.elliott@citicorp.com	7461	null	null
dlee@pllr.enron.com	7462	null	null
pwalls@epelectric.com	7463	null	null
karlyn.clifton@us.pwcglobal.com	7464	null	null
beisenberg@starpower.net	7465	null	null
darrell.kinder@enron.com	7466	null	null
d..kinder@enron.com	7466	null	null
ryanb@gosfgiants.com	7467	null	null
ryanb@giantsfan.com	7467	null	null
formstic@yahoo.com	7468	null	null
enron.experience@enron.com	7469	null	null
experience.enron@enron.com	7469	null	null
anastasia.aourik@enron.com	7470	null	null
center.eol@enron.com	7471	null	null
eol.center@enron.com	7471	null	null
allegro@enron.com	7472	null	null
mmmigl@aol.com	7473	null	null
sjbtu@aol.com	7474	null	null
sjbtu@yahoo.com	7474	null	null
ual6@mileageplus.com	7475	null	null
jan.anderson@enron.com	7476	null	null
clandry@notes.enron.com	7477	null	null
hcubill@enron.com	7478	null	null
llaidlaw@cera.com	7479	null	null
offley@hoover.stanford.edu	7480	null	null
counterparty.enron@enron.com	7481	null	null
enron.counterparty@enron.com	7481	null	null
sglobby@pacbell.net	7482	null	null
conway@enron.com	7483	null	null
conway@juggling.org	7483	null	null
'conway@enron.com	7483	null	null
billglushko@hotmail.com	7484	null	null
gcvenz@duke-energy.com	7485	null	null
santiago.garcia@enron.com	7486	null	null
lpeters@pacifier.com	7487	null	null
thomas.berquist@gs.com	7488	null	null
scott.tackett@enron.com	7489	null	null
ca.assistants@enron.com	7490	null	null
stouchstone@natsource.com	7491	null	null
emily_dale@hotmail.com	7492	null	null
yasu_neupdx@hotmail.com	7493	null	null
nmiyagi@reedwasden.com	7494	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.62671@joinmail.ccbn.com	7495	null	null
perrin.worrell@enron.com	7496	null	null
robin.hill@enron.com	7497	null	null
harry.walters@enron.com	7498	null	null
thomas.keavey@vistacomp.com	7499	null	null
fun_for_free@external.flipsidemail.com	7500	null	null
fun@infobeat.com	7500	null	null
free@americanbranding.network60.com	7500	null	null
mgallo@haas.berkeley.edu	7501	null	null
productalert@friedwire.com	7502	null	null
pressoffice@mcgreevey2001.org	7503	null	null
pressoffice@nymex.com	7503	null	null
ojones01@attbi.com	7504	null	null
theizen@ect.enron.com	7505	null	null
sharon.hausinger@enron.com	7506	null	null
kimberley.nelson@enron.com	7507	null	null
tchandler@velaw.com	7508	null	null
michael.swaim@enron.com	7509	null	null
joey.morrow@enron.com	7510	null	null
margaret.huson@enron.com	7511	null	null
gary.bode@enron.com	7512	null	null
knpss@home.ro	7513	null	null
d..butler@enron.com	7514	null	null
lauragammell@hotmail.com	7515	null	null
home.jim@enron.com	7516	null	null
raissa.holt@blueshieldca.com	7517	null	null
raissa@mnemoyne.york.ac.uk	7517	null	null
ccma@foundryccma.org	7518	null	null
ttck6lueow@hotmail.com	7519	null	null
rick.gomes@us.hsbc.com	7520	null	null
rick.gomes@hsbc.com	7520	null	null
brian.hudson@enron.com	7521	null	null
ios_participants@ypo.org	7522	null	null
tamera.joyner@enron.com	7523	null	null
e_cohen_benlolo@hotmail.com	7524	null	null
connie.sutton@enron.com	7525	null	null
louis.caiafa@americas.bnpparibas.com	7526	null	null
linda.ng@enron.com	7527	null	null
malyons@exchange.ml.com	7528	null	null
john.anderson@enron.com	7529	null	null
aaron.martinsen@enron.com	7530	null	null
john_martin@baylor.edu	7531	null	null
john.garrison@enron.com	7532	null	null
roger.barbee@enron.com	7533	null	null
dave.ellis@enron.com	7534	null	null
mailcenter@virtumundo.com	7535	null	null
decoudreaux_alecia_a@lilly.com	7536	null	null
michael.fink@iqpc.com	7537	null	null
mattcompton@earthlink.net	7538	null	null
tswank@ect.enron.com	7539	null	null
pacstar@mcn.org	7540	null	null
8774985497@pagenetmessage.net	7541	null	null
nbrazzil@mail.law.tuexas.edu	7542	null	null
nbrazzil@mail.law.utexas.edu	7542	null	null
nbrazzil@mrzip.cc.utexas.edu	7542	null	null
posiedon45@aol.com	7543	null	null
suzannewest40@aol.com	7544	null	null
ruthann.frausto@enron.com	7545	null	null
patm@meredithodonnell.com	7546	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3951@lists.smartmoney.com	7547	null	null
weekly@enron.com	7547	null	null
larry.wolfe@scott.af.mil	7548	null	null
olympianmk@al.com	7549	null	null
cory.crofton@enron.com	7550	null	null
lake@argolink.net	7551	null	null
jaesoo'.'lew@enron.com	7552	null	null
jaesoo.lew@enron.com	7552	null	null
john.spitz@enron.com	7553	null	null
ketan@ms.com	7554	null	null
mattcook@velaw.com	7555	null	null
michael.mcgowan@enron.com	7556	null	null
andishane@pol.net	7557	null	null
jim.fernie@enron.com	7558	null	null
kuldeep.chana@enron.com	7559	null	null
sataft@vssp.com	7560	null	null
epao@mba2002.hbs.edu	7561	null	null
lpc@masterdata.com	7562	null	null
bill.berkeland@enron.com	7563	null	null
stefan.hall@enron.com	7564	null	null
stefan@hopechild.com	7564	null	null
laurel.adams@enron.com	7565	null	null
bruce.smith@enron.com	7566	null	null
leonard_ambriz@eott.com	7567	null	null
tingwer@smud.org	7568	null	null
aga.rehman@enron.com	7569	null	null
sue.haynes@enron.com	7570	null	null
irene.flynn@enron.com	7571	null	null
irene@m-ul.com	7571	null	null
dengie@isye.gatech.edu	7572	null	null
wdgofalto@aol.com	7573	null	null
nzoko@psinet.com	7574	null	null
celestewright@ngsc.org	7575	null	null
justin.chola@enron.com	7576	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.101411@joinmail.ccbn.com	7577	null	null
marlene.lue@bmo.com	7578	null	null
egflegal@enron.com	7579	null	null
sandy.cason@enron.com	7580	null	null
cramos@gasnaturalsdg.es	7581	null	null
1800flowers.225547767@s2u2.com	7582	null	null
janie-mitcham@reliantenergy.com	7583	null	null
shona.wilson@enron.com	7584	null	null
c..nguyen@enron.com	7585	null	null
john.dean@excambria.com	7586	null	null
dori_merifield@yahoo.com	7587	null	null
sheryl.blackman@travelpark.com	7588	null	null
ekorey@hbsp.harvard.edu	7589	null	null
eric.schouest@enron.com	7590	null	null
cherry.mont@enron.com	7591	null	null
cgiglio@alleghenypower.com	7592	null	null
marc.graubart@enron.com	7593	null	null
marc_graubart@enron.net	7593	null	null
marc_graubart@enron.com	7593	null	null
mapquest@list.mapquest.com	7594	null	null
mapquest@data.digitalcity.com	7594	null	null
gmarmol@gmarmol.com	7595	null	null
ghoxie2112@aol.com	7596	null	null
davidj@tradefairgroup.com	7597	null	null
statements@investments.foliofn.com	7598	null	null
messaging.agent@enron.com	7599	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.107539@joinmail.ccbn.com	7600	null	null
dorothy.woster@enron.com	7601	null	null
dmallory@ftenergy.com	7602	null	null
bandrews@localok.com	7603	null	null
bandrews@quinngillespie.com	7603	null	null
buzzboys@mindspring.com	7604	null	null
tony.sumbler@weatherford.com	7605	null	null
'sumbler@enron.com	7605	null	null
lmarshall@isda.org	7606	null	null
margaret.daffin@enron.com	7607	null	null
veronica.piatigorsky@enron.com	7608	null	null
annmarie.tiller@enron.com	7609	null	null
ncrist@prebon.com	7610	null	null
david.owen@enron.com	7611	null	null
gcaraveo@gas.pemex.com	7612	null	null
trisha.hughes@enron.com	7613	null	null
trisha@ncpa.com	7613	null	null
mcn@prnewswire.com	7614	null	null
mcn@prnmail3.prnewswire.com	7614	null	null
lubomir@pechala.com	7615	null	null
snemec@shelton.org	7616	null	null
tate0906@aol.com	7617	null	null
dannyh@calpine.com	7618	null	null
randy.katz@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	7619	null	null
katz@enron.com	7619	null	null
randy.katz@enron.com	7619	null	null
bluebelle010@hotmail.com	7620	null	null
lee.martin@enron.com	7621	null	null
catalina.ayala-nelson@enron.com	7622	null	null
bart.lyon@enron.com	7623	null	null
bart@enron.com	7623	null	null
lespj@ev1.net	7624	null	null
kevin.hughes@enron.com	7625	null	null
val.dolcini@gov.ca.gov	7626	null	null
jan_levine@travisintl.com	7627	null	null
eydie.corneiro@enron.com	7628	null	null
preferredcustomer@photoworks.com	7629	null	null
harlan.murphy@enron.com	7630	null	null
eblansfield@ideon-inc.com	7631	null	null
ghemphill82@msn.com	7632	null	null
robert.vargas@enron.com	7633	null	null
stephanie.houston@xemkt.com	7634	null	null
mnabors@flash.net	7635	null	null
trudy.sweet@enron.com	7636	null	null
jeff.harbert@enron.com	7637	null	null
isingh@pli.edu	7638	null	null
eric.raab@enron.com	7639	null	null
gary.waxman@enron.com	7640	null	null
briant.baker@enron.com	7641	null	null
briant.baker@bhlp.com	7641	null	null
kevin.bosse@enron.com	7642	null	null
v.kumar@enron.com	7643	null	null
zimin.lu@enron.com	7644	null	null
lu@enron.com	7644	null	null
tdoggett@ercot.com	7645	null	null
jtnunemaker@yahoo.com	7646	null	null
glander@skippingstone.com	7647	null	null
glander@mail.skippingstone.com	7647	null	null
hiatt@haas.berkeley.edu	7648	null	null
jvobergfell@aep.com	7649	null	null
karry.kendall@enron.com	7650	null	null
janetoro@webtv.net	7651	null	null
mjensen@nas.edu	7652	null	null
bgkott@aol.com	7653	null	null
s077549@student.uq.edu.au	7654	null	null
spmyers@dbh.com	7655	null	null
esales@directvdsl.com	7656	null	null
gitter1020@aol.com	7657	null	null
helen.taylor@enron.com	7658	null	null
helen@enron.com	7658	null	null
helen@straminc.com	7658	null	null
helen@daiter.com	7658	null	null
helen@risk.co.uk	7658	null	null
david.a.esones@accenture.com	7659	null	null
jlash@wri.org	7660	null	null
lgoldseth@svmg.org	7661	null	null
sprint@ca.sprint.com	7662	null	null
sprint@info.iwon.com	7662	null	null
jsariego@mastec.com	7663	null	null
kinder.anne@enron.com	7664	null	null
kporter@retailconcepts.cc	7665	null	null
einsighthtml@listserv.ftenergy.com	7666	null	null
einsighthtml@list1.resdata.com	7666	null	null
einsighthtml@listserv.platts.com	7666	null	null
einsighthtml@spector.ftenergy.com	7666	null	null
karen.randolph@tnsofres.com	7667	null	null
wine-admin@nfic.com	7668	null	null
susan.j.mara2@enron.com	7669	null	null
scott.robert@enron.com	7670	null	null
rschoenhoeft@bastrop.isd.tenet.edu	7671	null	null
godswork@mail.com	7672	null	null
mcurtis@enron.com	7673	null	null
mike.altobelli@enron.com	7674	null	null
rtn-1-1-728787-2lsgqqby4dykm8dg-1200@mta12.optamail.com	7675	null	null
lowmort_498@hanmail.net	7676	null	null
rtsweeney@amherst.edu	7677	null	null
rant.poladian@citi-fx.com	7678	null	null
vhurtado@gas.pemex.com	7679	null	null
wsims2@optonline.net	7680	null	null
lewism@fitrx.com	7681	null	null
customeradvisor@carsdirect.rsc02.com	7682	null	null
mdriscoll@enron.com	7683	null	null
synergy.synergy@synergy.com.au	7684	null	null
tinah@cisco.com	7685	null	null
rich.sussman@gs.com	7686	null	null
jrizopat@hotmail.com	7687	null	null
noreen.meehan@terrapinn.com	7688	null	null
jason.cooper@enron.com	7689	null	null
samantha_smith@transcanada.com	7690	null	null
celso.bernardi@enron.com	7691	null	null
robary@cs.com	7692	null	null
tmos@ercot.com	7693	null	null
vistaprint@customoffers.com	7694	null	null
alliece.morris@enron.com	7695	null	null
seppieui@aol.com	7696	null	null
gary.hickerson@enron.com	7697	null	null
richard.ingersoll@enron.com	7698	null	null
richard'.'ingersoll@enron.com	7698	null	null
alan.killion@williams.com	7699	null	null
shari_stack@enron.com	7700	null	null
shari_stack@reliantenergy.com	7700	null	null
shari.stack@enron.com	7700	null	null
dolores.muzzy@enron.com	7701	null	null
gsullivan@sempra.com	7702	null	null
shawna.meyer@enron.com	7703	null	null
wemnett@skadden.com	7704	null	null
oland@enron.com	7705	null	null
tomlee@ncpa.com	7706	null	null
rebrooks@rbac.com	7707	null	null
rebrooks@earthlink.net	7707	null	null
rebrooks@earthlink.com	7707	null	null
rick.antonoff@cwt.com	7708	null	null
rick'.'antonoff@enron.com	7708	null	null
rick.antonoff@enron.com	7708	null	null
david.portz@enron.com	7709	null	null
avcochrane@cmsenergy.com	7710	null	null
cdemuth@aei.org	7711	null	null
rochelle.dent@enron.com	7712	null	null
n999gt@aol.com	7713	null	null
wbradfo@enron.com	7714	null	null
spiller@haas.berkeley.edu	7715	null	null
money_mail@mail.cnbc.com	7716	null	null
money@mediatrec.roi1.net	7716	null	null
w.byargeon@enron.com	7717	null	null
press.release@enron.com	7718	null	null
michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com	7719	null	null
bdugan@ubspw.com	7720	null	null
chris.serpanchy@corp.enbridge.com	7721	null	null
rsf@nwnatural.com	7722	null	null
robert.rosa@enron.com	7723	null	null
majordomo@energy.ca.gov	7724	null	null
majordomo@pjm.com	7724	null	null
majordomo@lists.thebiz.net	7724	null	null
majordomo@lists.nyiso.com	7724	null	null
majordomo@nerc.com	7724	null	null
majordomo@majordomo.pjm	7724	null	null
majordomo@stat.math.ethz.ch	7724	null	null
majordomo@playersonly.com	7724	null	null
majordomo@haas.berkeley.edu	7724	null	null
bryan.powell@enron.com	7725	null	null
patricia.weatherspoon@enron.com	7726	null	null
kaprice@srpnet.com	7727	null	null
aukhound@aol.com	7728	null	null
karen.mcilvoy@enron.com	7729	null	null
acqm8wtkmafd@hotmail.com	7730	null	null
geof'.'storey@enron.com	7731	null	null
geof.storey@enron.com	7731	null	null
storey.geof@enron.com	7731	null	null
mary.poorman@enron.com	7732	null	null
w..delainey@enron.com	7733	null	null
347677.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	7734	null	null
acole@ccpm.edu	7735	null	null
ranendra.sengupta@enron.com	7736	null	null
cwestadt@sppc.com	7737	null	null
ann.kamin@enron.com	7738	null	null
n.go@americawest.com	7739	null	null
steve.lovett@enron.com	7740	null	null
cfranklin-rhem@klcorp.com	7741	null	null
lbartron@homestead-inc.com	7742	null	null
delgado@enron.com	7743	null	null
'delgado@enron.com	7743	null	null
richard.johnson@enron.com	7744	null	null
sevil.yaman@enron.com	7745	null	null
willwestern@email.msn.com	7746	null	null
ss1g@andrew.cmu.edu	7747	null	null
jbshaw@csuniv.edu	7748	null	null
chribenik@proliance.com	7749	null	null
claire.soares@enron.com	7750	null	null
blazersfastbreak@ripcity.com	7751	null	null
ann.schmidt@enron.com	7752	null	null
skilli@enron.com	7753	null	null
skilli@ei.enron.com	7753	null	null
jflores@plainsresources.com	7754	null	null
chaim.braun@altosmgmt.com	7755	null	null
braun@cmua.org	7755	null	null
michael.a.viverito@enron.com	7756	null	null
donald.wayne.vinson@enron.com	7757	null	null
wayne.vinson@enron.com	7757	null	null
donald.vinson@enron.com	7757	null	null
scotts@bennettjones.ca	7758	null	null
bobmatt35@aol.com	7759	null	null
steve.klimesh@enron.com	7760	null	null
jharvey@duke-energy.com	7761	null	null
kbooth@coair.com	7762	null	null
andersen@pjm.com	7763	null	null
nawlnz@yahoo.com	7764	null	null
ddinneen@csc.com	7765	null	null
frank.kluesener@kfw.de	7766	null	null
dave.van@enron.com	7767	null	null
swanita__99@yahoo.com	7768	null	null
swanita_99@yahoo.com	7768	null	null
giblergd@sullcrom.com	7769	null	null
dederusso_@enron.com	7770	null	null
dederusso_@imcingular.com	7770	null	null
moench@enron.com	7771	null	null
al.jensen@nrgenergy.com	7772	null	null
melissa.laing@enron.com	7773	null	null
nina.k.threet@dynegy.com	7774	null	null
paul.lebeau@enron.com	7775	null	null
csnotify@nisource.com	7776	null	null
billverdier@aol.com	7777	null	null
anand@wharton.upenn.edu	7778	null	null
pamela_ewen@bakerbotts.com	7779	null	null
pamela.ewen@bakerbotts.com	7779	null	null
gschockl@sequentenergy.com	7780	null	null
sean.keenan@enron.com	7781	null	null
kunklerb@msx.upmc.edu	7782	null	null
jannalyn_galloway@reliantenergy.com	7783	null	null
brian.kerrigan@enron.com	7784	null	null
brian.kerrigan@txu.com	7784	null	null
ashley.baxter@enron.com	7785	null	null
robsmith@woodwardmarketing.com	7786	null	null
infostats@statcan.ca	7787	null	null
dacooper5@aol.com	7788	null	null
tspiller@enron.com	7789	null	null
vanaya_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	7790	null	null
r-2-735031-4155796-2-618-us1-3483f48f@xmr3.com	7791	null	null
betsy.raybon@enron.com	7792	null	null
geghneim@enron.com	7793	null	null
aleerhea@aol.com	7794	null	null
evanson.kevin@enron.com	7795	null	null
maria.garza@enron.com	7796	null	null
brcc.cg.tackett@topica.com	7797	null	null
nicole.scott@enron.com	7798	null	null
greg.hedger@enron.com	7799	null	null
jpetriello@prebon.com	7800	null	null
agreene@mfah.org	7801	null	null
richard.b.sanders@enron.com	7802	null	null
b..sanders@enron.com	7802	null	null
mark.allan.smith@us.pwcglobal.com	7803	null	null
allan.smith@enron.com	7803	null	null
carol.essig@enron.com	7804	null	null
tmurphy@tccf.toshiba.com	7805	null	null
buckner.thomas@enron.com	7806	null	null
interinvestments.realty@enron.com	7807	null	null
mrwood@beachrd.com	7808	null	null
kjobrien@duke-energy.com	7809	null	null
antonetti@enron.com	7810	null	null
chiba_chi@nikkei.com	7811	null	null
vze27dja@verizon.net	7812	null	null
mwoodson@enron.com	7813	null	null
sfletcher@velaw.com	7814	null	null
gurjinder.bassi@msdw.com	7815	null	null
edentech@earthlink.net	7816	null	null
bettynance@dellnet.com	7817	null	null
tholan@enron.com	7818	null	null
sonjaq@fundware.com	7819	null	null
irealty@gate.net	7820	null	null
transatl@theatlantic.com	7821	null	null
mheinrich@apx.com	7822	null	null
stephenc@manfinancial.com	7823	null	null
stephenc@edfman.com	7823	null	null
lhgas@hoegh.no	7824	null	null
rembrandt@siskiyou.net	7825	null	null
nagwa.elkachouty@enron.com	7826	null	null
david_arpi@csi.com	7827	null	null
darlene@bidjetcharter.com	7828	null	null
darlene@enron.com	7828	null	null
sukaly@enron.com	7829	null	null
'sukaly@enron.com	7829	null	null
garyb@jmbm.com	7830	null	null
garyb@abag.ca.gov	7830	null	null
ekevelson@aol.com	7831	null	null
ron.harkrader@enron.com	7832	null	null
morela.hernandez@enron.com	7833	null	null
canada.dl-ubsw@enron.com	7834	null	null
amortazavi@enron.com	7835	null	null
gregg.daileda@ipgdirect.com	7836	null	null
jana.paxton@enron.com	7837	null	null
paxton@enron.com	7837	null	null
joes@thirdage.com	7838	null	null
joebob_perkins@reliant.com	7839	null	null
dgshank@hotmail.com	7840	null	null
carrin@enron.com	7841	null	null
icare87855@aol.com	7842	null	null
d.hunsucker@enron.com	7843	null	null
hunsucker@enron.com	7843	null	null
hunsucker.d@enron.com	7843	null	null
'hunsucker@enron.com	7843	null	null
monique.shankle@enron.com	7844	null	null
1800flowers.230031059@s2u2.com	7845	null	null
la.rose@enron.com	7846	null	null
gatewaybw@aol.com	7847	null	null
freetexas@msn.com	7848	null	null
mscolo@poynerspruill.com	7849	null	null
sschroed@us.ca-indosuez.com	7850	null	null
ann.elizabeth.white@enron.com	7851	null	null
ann.white@enron.com	7851	null	null
maxb@trbu.com	7852	null	null
dpmckinney@txu.com	7853	null	null
selena.khan@enron.com	7854	null	null
mnaeser@naenergy.com	7855	null	null
mark.haslem@level3.com	7856	null	null
clark.worthley@pinnaclewest.com	7857	null	null
ddmcwhirter@cps-satx.com	7858	null	null
darren.ramsey@enron.com	7859	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.162@post.intellimedia.com	7860	null	null
giove@enron.com	7861	null	null
marcias@concorde-newhorizons.com	7862	null	null
scorman@enron.com	7863	null	null
jhess@usbr.gov	7864	null	null
chandler_amy@yahoo.com	7865	null	null
amy.chandler@enron.com	7865	null	null
robert.stine@enron.com	7866	null	null
stine@enron.com	7866	null	null
101675.23511952@vocations.ch	7867	null	null
candrew@pop.uh.edu	7868	null	null
jason.ruckle@enron.com	7869	null	null
roseann.engeldorf@enron.com	7870	null	null
dgarland@nymex.com	7871	null	null
janice.moore@enron.com	7872	null	null
everett.plante@enron.com	7873	null	null
ameerabuhalimeh@bankunited.com	7874	null	null
geneva.patterson@enron.com	7875	null	null
geneva@enron.com	7875	null	null
patterson@1strochdale.net	7875	null	null
patterson@enron.com	7875	null	null
ryeats@aol.com	7876	null	null
sharriman@pirnie.com	7877	null	null
afternoon24@alerts.equityalert.com	7878	null	null
nadja.klerk@enron.com	7879	null	null
mcyrus@cinergy.com	7880	null	null
mcyrus@amp161.hbs.edu	7880	null	null
christopher.a.helfrich@enron.com	7881	null	null
christopher.helfrich@enron.com	7881	null	null
steinunn.thordardottir@enron.com	7882	null	null
e..webner@enron.com	7883	null	null
wsimm18284@aol.com	7884	null	null
bill.sperry@chase.com	7885	null	null
sperry@vmac.com	7885	null	null
mark_freeman@instinet.co.uk	7886	null	null
mark_freeman@instinet.com	7886	null	null
tom.mcfatridge@enron.com	7887	null	null
fgifirst@aol.com	7888	null	null
drew.kanellopoulos@enron.com	7889	null	null
awells@stroock.com	7890	null	null
mercy.gil@enron.com	7891	null	null
deboisblanc.denny@enron.com	7892	null	null
thompson_david@jpmorgan.com	7893	null	null
wade.ick@enron.com	7894	null	null
mawallac@texaschildrenshospital.org	7895	null	null
tgallagherbell@aol.com	7896	null	null
sfteich@swbell.net	7897	null	null
pwm1950@aol.com	7898	null	null
todd.b.stubbs@williams.com	7899	null	null
w.tom.byargeon@enron.com	7900	null	null
tom.byargeon@enron.com	7900	null	null
chrystallynnboyle@hotmail.com	7901	null	null
ad046@detroit.freenet.org	7902	null	null
ptorres@reliant.com	7903	null	null
mikefwmi@aol.com	7904	null	null
'rector@enron.com	7905	null	null
akasha@enron.com	7906	null	null
csanmarco@kkrw.com	7907	null	null
jcoun@netstruxr.com	7908	null	null
sshackl@msn.com	7909	null	null
sshackl@enron.com	7909	null	null
sshackl@notes.enron.com	7909	null	null
sshackl@swbell.com	7909	null	null
sshackl@swbell.net	7909	null	null
sshackl@email.msn.com	7909	null	null
sshackl@ect.enron.com	7909	null	null
paxfam5@aol.com	7910	null	null
ggalata@enron.co.uk	7911	null	null
christim@crowedunlevy.com	7912	null	null
ebrakke@enron.com	7913	null	null
rose.liu@moorecap.com	7914	null	null
daniel.lisk@enron.com	7915	null	null
kroum.kroumov@enron.com	7916	null	null
hotline.isc@enron.com	7917	null	null
isc.hotline@enron.com	7917	null	null
krcabrer@epm.net.co	7918	null	null
rosalyn.lum@enron.com	7919	null	null
isiduff@aol.com	7920	null	null
jball@dlj.com	7921	null	null
jball@csfb.com	7921	null	null
mac.d.hargrove@rssmb.com	7922	null	null
les_silverman@mckinsey.com	7923	null	null
customer.service@travelocity.com	7924	null	null
customer-service@fatbrain.com	7924	null	null
customer_service@footlocker.com	7924	null	null
customer_service@columbiahouse.com	7924	null	null
customer_service@pmail.feer.com	7924	null	null
counihan@greenmountain.com	7925	null	null
counihan@enron.com	7925	null	null
martinki@fleishman.com	7926	null	null
j.wirick@pecorp.com	7927	null	null
robs@edfman.com	7928	null	null
rlmcnicol@home.com	7929	null	null
molly.sumrow@enron.com	7930	null	null
mmielke@bcm.tmc.edu	7931	null	null
lisa.palmer@enron.com	7932	null	null
andrea.hill@bhs.co.uk	7933	null	null
merritt.thomas@enron.com	7934	null	null
maryrebecca.harp@reliant.com	7935	null	null
rberry@apx.com	7936	null	null
bzrhq@guanajuato.com	7937	null	null
sandyfisher@btamail.net.cn	7938	null	null
simplycharmingflowers@hotmail.com	7939	null	null
amurao.adele@enron.com	7940	null	null
jwilliam24@hotmail.com	7941	null	null
lee.papayoti@enron.com	7942	null	null
papayoti@enron.com	7942	null	null
michael.mraz@pinnaclewest.com	7943	null	null
kathryn.saugstad@swpc.siemens.com	7944	null	null
porteous.tommy@enron.com	7945	null	null
mba_social@haas.berkeley.edu	7946	null	null
mba@poczta.wshifm.edu.pl	7946	null	null
mba@stern.nyu.edu	7946	null	null
morgon-dorsey/enron.cheryl@enron.com	7947	null	null
dorsey@enron.com	7947	null	null
games@foxsports.com	7948	null	null
games@sportadvisors.com	7948	null	null
faith.killen@enron.com	7949	null	null
killen@enron.com	7949	null	null
jgillaspieci3@netzero.net	7950	null	null
rab@beggslane.com	7951	null	null
rab@maininc.org	7951	null	null
tpantazis@tractebelusa.com	7952	null	null
jlokay@4quest.com	7953	null	null
jlokay@yahoo.com	7953	null	null
t.johnson@enron.com	7954	null	null
west.report@enron.com	7955	null	null
lyris-confirm-13662e@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	7956	null	null
rbenson@enron.com	7957	null	null
barry_hunsaker@eogresources.com	7958	null	null
bmwna@bmwna.rgc2.net	7959	null	null
michael.capellas@compaq.com	7960	null	null
mcmullen@tamug.tamu.edu	7961	null	null
valeria.lima@enron.com	7962	null	null
flynn.barry@enron.com	7963	null	null
rob.robertson@fmr.com	7964	null	null
aa_4@yahoo.com	7965	null	null
aa@mailman.enron.com	7965	null	null
ets.announcement@enron.com	7966	null	null
holfati@ispheres.com	7967	null	null
ds@cogentco.com	7968	null	null
nercroster@nerc.com	7969	null	null
kelly.chambers@enron.com	7970	null	null
hallgrau@earthlink.net	7971	null	null
wilhelmc@pennie.com	7972	null	null
team.eunice-jal@enron.com	7973	null	null
brad.mcsherry@enron.com	7974	null	null
dwight.fruge@enron.com	7975	null	null
jturrettini@forbes.com	7976	null	null
felecia.fitzgerald@enron.com	7977	null	null
lacastles@home.com	7978	null	null
c4009@aol.com	7979	null	null
maislin.steve@enron.com	7980	null	null
dan.truong@enron.com	7981	null	null
'.'truong@enron.com	7981	null	null
bob.mcauliffe@enron.com	7982	null	null
42.1687.96-pjew_t9hdrdid1s6zrrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	7983	null	null
pglaessner@enermetrix.com	7984	null	null
kbowman@aei.org	7985	null	null
gnadeau@energyusa.com	7986	null	null
bmj@michelsonrealty.com	7987	null	null
ernest.onukogu@dowjones.com	7988	null	null
dayne.zimmerman@enron.com	7989	null	null
marketinfo2002182755@yahoo.com	7990	null	null
thao@haas.berkeley.edu	7991	null	null
pmodlin@fbm.com	7992	null	null
allen'.'bob@enron.com	7993	null	null
quality@corp.classmates.com	7994	null	null
quality@classmates.com	7994	null	null
marge.nadasky@enron.com	7995	null	null
kc.1906901.1150.0@kc-mx.avantgo.com	7996	null	null
kc@lgsdigital.com	7996	null	null
power.eastern"@enron.com	7997	null	null
power@wbresearch.com	7997	null	null
dale.korver@enron.com	7998	null	null
ministryofsound.com@mailman.enron.com	7999	null	null
ministryofsound.com@mailboy.enron.com	7999	null	null
mills.christie@enron.com	8000	null	null
christie@internationaltool.com	8000	null	null
all_ena_egm_eim@enron.com	8001	null	null
kmurra1@lsu.edu	8002	null	null
steve.beck@enron.com	8003	null	null
dl-ga-all_enw@enron.com	8004	null	null
enw.all@enron.com	8004	null	null
theckathorn@nisource.com	8005	null	null
sneal12@mindspirng.com	8006	null	null
sneal12@mindspring.com	8006	null	null
sneal12@mindsprng.com	8006	null	null
jerome.hickl@enron.com	8007	null	null
jerome@quickhosts.com	8007	null	null
the.bolivian@iname.com	8008	null	null
users.isc@enron.com	8009	null	null
dmangsk@enron.com	8010	null	null
djcustomclips@djinteractive.com	8011	null	null
rabp@pge.com	8012	null	null
team.flagstaff-sta3@enron.com	8013	null	null
klow@loudcloud.com	8014	null	null
2ecom@velaw.com	8015	null	null
hunter.williams@grandecom.com	8016	null	null
reedglenn@aol.com	8017	null	null
regulski.kurt@enron.com	8018	null	null
steve.cinelli@enron.com	8019	null	null
joeysciortino@elliottelectric.com	8020	null	null
ufgatortim@aol.com	8021	null	null
teresa.seibel@enron.com	8022	null	null
eileen.buerkert@enron.com	8023	null	null
lauren@mattandlauren.com	8024	null	null
lauren@prescottlegal.com	8024	null	null
johansen@scicomp.com	8025	null	null
alo@techna.com	8026	null	null
het@hetrading.com	8027	null	null
martham@hba.org	8028	null	null
jewel.meeks@enron.com	8029	null	null
kimberlee.bennick@enron.com	8030	null	null
tommy.garza@enron.com	8031	null	null
jeff.maurer@enron.com	8032	null	null
texas@1800contacts.com	8033	null	null
texas@georgewbush.com	8033	null	null
texas@readynet.net	8033	null	null
elizabeth.moore@enron.com	8034	null	null
fu4n8cilnf2@hotmail.com	8035	null	null
felicia.buenrostro@enron.com	8036	null	null
cmamerow@aol.com	8037	null	null
ycohen@greatbarriersystems.com	8038	null	null
information.risk.management@enron.com	8039	null	null
information.management@enron.com	8039	null	null
management.information@enron.com	8039	null	null
arthur.f.burk@usa.dupont.com	8040	null	null
wtirelan@vais.net	8041	null	null
mfenton@pnm.com	8042	null	null
bill.myers@enron.com	8043	null	null
dianna.dupree@enron.com	8044	null	null
dianna@csi.com	8044	null	null
casey.donnell@enron.com	8045	null	null
norm.spalding@enron.com	8046	null	null
christina_122367@hotmail.com	8047	null	null
john.harding@intcx.com	8048	null	null
john.harding@deutsche-boerse.com	8048	null	null
harding.john@enron.com	8048	null	null
l..humphries@enron.com	8049	null	null
ammy65@mailman.enron.com	8050	null	null
kara.lauer@enron.com	8051	null	null
epost@aoshouston.org	8052	null	null
alvin.adamson@enron.com	8053	null	null
alvin@enron.com	8053	null	null
anshu1975@hotmail.com	8054	null	null
l..hall@enron.com	8055	null	null
susan.t.turpin@williams.com	8056	null	null
heidikp@lonestarstrategies.com	8057	null	null
taria.reed@enron.com	8058	null	null
miranda.buckley@pzlqs.com	8059	null	null
buckley.miranda@enron.com	8059	null	null
brendan.connellan@morganstanley.com	8060	null	null
connellan.brendan@enron.com	8060	null	null
pmclean@proliance.com	8061	null	null
trhtml-owner@maui.tr.com	8062	null	null
a.'.'shankman@enron.com	8063	null	null
a..shankman@enron.com	8063	null	null
generalinfo@marketing.vignette.com	8064	null	null
dhubbard@avistacorp.com	8065	null	null
ronniegiron@yahoo.com	8066	null	null
msngamingzone_024908@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	8067	null	null
mike.zipperer@enron.com	8068	null	null
sturgeon.james@enron.com	8069	null	null
hillegeist.emily@enron.com	8070	null	null
james.jordan@nera.com	8071	null	null
sokalkyle@hotmail.com	8072	null	null
sproctor@akllp.com	8073	null	null
d.junek@worldnet.att.net	8074	null	null
junek@enron.com	8074	null	null
'junek@enron.com	8074	null	null
.petrie@enron.com	8075	null	null
gerry.chatham@enron.com	8076	null	null
jschwert@u.washington.edu	8077	null	null
sarah_smith@customoffers.com	8078	null	null
sarah.smith@enron.com	8078	null	null
mike.paradise@elpaso.com	8079	null	null
paradise.mike@epenergy.com	8079	null	null
chad.clark@enron.com	8080	null	null
daniel.castagnola@enron.com	8081	null	null
l..nowlan@enron.com	8082	null	null
scott_crowell@hotmail.com	8083	null	null
scott.crowell@enron.com	8083	null	null
scott.crowell@oracle.com	8083	null	null
scott.crowell@us.cgeyc.com	8083	null	null
tracy.cummins@nesanet.org	8084	null	null
cummins@haas.berkeley.edu	8084	null	null
limor.nissan@enron.com	8085	null	null
nissan'.'limor@enron.com	8085	null	null
jack.shumaker@enron.com	8086	null	null
ednemec@earthlink.net	8087	null	null
ednemec@earthlink.ne	8087	null	null
member.services@p22.travelocity.com	8088	null	null
member@dlbdirect.com	8088	null	null
member@mailman.enron.com	8088	null	null
member@sandbox.com	8088	null	null
member@ms.sandbox.com	8088	null	null
benjamin.schoene@enron.com	8089	null	null
'schoene@enron.com	8089	null	null
schoene@enron.com	8089	null	null
5697594@skytel.com	8090	null	null
olemma.zamora@enron.com	8091	null	null
admissionvisits@bus.utexas.edu	8092	null	null
bob.deitz@enron.com	8093	null	null
kimberly_kirkwood@hotmail.com	8094	null	null
yolanda.ford@enron.com	8095	null	null
joe.hamilton@moorecap.com	8096	null	null
pratka.amy@enron.com	8097	null	null
francy.botaro@enron.com	8098	null	null
attwireless@mediatrec.roi1.net	8099	null	null
laura.ann.jones@post.harvard.edu	8100	null	null
laura.jones@enron.com	8100	null	null
svanhoff@yahoo.com	8101	null	null
nicole.daggs@mirant.com	8102	null	null
keith.robinson@ourclub.com	8103	null	null
philippe.giguere@enron.com	8104	null	null
paul'.'amirault@enron.com	8105	null	null
'amirault@enron.com	8105	null	null
paul.amirault@enron.com	8105	null	null
enron.restricted.list@enron.com	8106	null	null
restricted.list@enron.com	8106	null	null
list.enron@enron.com	8106	null	null
enron.list@enron.com	8106	null	null
brook@pdq.net	8107	null	null
keoni.almeida@enron.com	8108	null	null
"almeida@enron.com	8108	null	null
almeida@enron.com	8108	null	null
'almeida@enron.com	8108	null	null
doug.selwyn@davisselwyn.com	8109	null	null
daniel.garcia@morganstanley.com	8110	null	null
daniel.garcia@msdw.com	8110	null	null
geshay@papl.com	8111	null	null
geshay@pplweb.com	8111	null	null
bruce.j.mulholland@customs.treas.gov	8112	null	null
chris.schomer@enron.com	8113	null	null
lisa.kinsey@enron.com	8114	null	null
dreid@energyintel.com	8115	null	null
bdouglas@jps.net	8116	null	null
ganjoo@enron.com	8117	null	null
mark.broussard@hyprotech.com	8118	null	null
jpelti@lsumc.edu	8119	null	null
jpelti@lsuhsc.edu	8119	null	null
alexamms@sce.com	8120	null	null
annise.parker@cityofhouston.net	8121	null	null
speers.gigi@enron.com	8122	null	null
dora_thurmomnd@uniteddc.com	8123	null	null
networkcommerce-rcsd20011228@ombramarketing.com	8124	null	null
katie99@tamu.edu	8125	null	null
cohnap@sce.com	8126	null	null
cypress@neosoft.com	8127	null	null
ihrke@mindspring.com	8128	null	null
no_replies@ms150.org	8129	null	null
replies@newsletters.maildart.net	8129	null	null
graf.dennis@enron.com	8130	null	null
kochjobs@kochind.com	8131	null	null
cyrus.kazak@enron.com	8132	null	null
clayton.seigle@enron.com	8133	null	null
valley.confer@enron.com	8134	null	null
madhur.dayal@enron.com	8135	null	null
maria.van@enron.com	8136	null	null
jtholt@enron.com	8137	null	null
jtholt@ect.enron.com	8137	null	null
jtholt@houston.rr.com	8137	null	null
jtholt@houston.rr.osm	8137	null	null
scott.woods@redmeteor.com	8138	null	null
tracey.green@enron.com	8139	null	null
customersatisfaction@etrade.com	8140	null	null
kurt.lindahl@enron.com	8141	null	null
kurt.lindahl@elpaso.com	8141	null	null
webner.laura@enron.com	8142	null	null
lance.schuler-legal@enron.com	8143	null	null
schuler.lance-legal@enron.com	8143	null	null
schuler@rice.edu	8143	null	null
lance.legal@enron.com	8143	null	null
lance.schuler@enron.com	8143	null	null
wcp@quinnemanuel.com	8144	null	null
kristian.lande@enron.com	8145	null	null
market-reply@listserv.dowjones.com	8146	null	null
reply@savvion.info	8146	null	null
mark.hackney@aps.com	8147	null	null
heather.thompson@enron.com	8148	null	null
hpl.schneider@enron.com	8149	null	null
nancy.ramsey@rrhouston.com	8150	null	null
mcgovern_amanda@hotmail.com	8151	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_034478@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	8152	null	null
elisa.donovan@enron.com	8153	null	null
kzweifel@indiana.edu	8154	null	null
banders@enron.com	8155	null	null
robinm@telkom.net	8156	null	null
online.services@schwab.com	8157	null	null
becky.tlucek@enron.com	8158	null	null
eren@mail.nrel.gov	8159	null	null
claudiab@tvlon.com	8160	null	null
gasfundy@enron.com	8161	null	null
jacqueline.coleman@enron.com	8162	null	null
helaine.fine@riskmetrics.com	8163	null	null
fine.helaine@enron.com	8163	null	null
barry_peterson@agilent.com	8164	null	null
a2@a2.mediatrec.com	8165	null	null
emmer@sunstatistik4.mathematik.tu-muenchen.de	8166	null	null
marc.eichmann@enron.com	8167	null	null
ceyap@earthlink.net	8168	null	null
bobs@independentsector.org	8169	null	null
mvalles@houston.rr.com	8170	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_060501@airmail.continental.com	8171	null	null
cbreaux@ncsc.dni.us	8172	null	null
cbreaux@ncsc.dni	8172	null	null
steve.kim@enron.com	8173	null	null
jbian@ercot.com	8174	null	null
julie_menconi@countrywide.com	8175	null	null
t8imky@msn.com	8176	null	null
cshieldspc@aol.com	8177	null	null
2krayz@gte.net	8178	null	null
ron.spain@enron.com	8179	null	null
fabian.flip@lgeenergy.com	8180	null	null
jsonnenberg@bracepatt.com	8181	null	null
carolyn_kobey@hutchison.senate.gov	8182	null	null
cmaciejewski@wayholding.com	8183	null	null
katherine.chisley@enron.com	8184	null	null
1800flowers.224433405@s2u2.com	8185	null	null
tconstan@llgm.com	8186	null	null
carlo1877@runbox.com	8187	null	null
mcvaughan66@earthlink.net	8188	null	null
police.lawman@bigfoot.com	8189	null	null
marion.collins@enron.com	8190	null	null
m..collins@enron.com	8190	null	null
suzykof@hotmail.com	8191	null	null
loren.penkava@enron.com	8192	null	null
jim_knight@mudnebr.com	8193	null	null
knight@enron.com	8193	null	null
ssessa@tecoenergy.com	8194	null	null
pkaufma@enron.com	8195	null	null
stacey.neuwiler@enron.com	8196	null	null
w.johnson@enron.com	8197	null	null
watts.mark@enron.com	8198	null	null
watts.'mark@enron.com	8198	null	null
mark.watts@wessexwater.co.uk	8198	null	null
cjw5@pge.com	8199	null	null
ashley.lord@enron.com	8200	null	null
jworma@academyofhealth.com	8201	null	null
srunswick@aol.com	8202	null	null
bhash1@earthlink.net	8203	null	null
sac8@hotmail.com	8204	null	null
sellers.rory@enron.com	8205	null	null
roy.rodriquez@enron.com	8206	null	null
radack@justex.net	8207	null	null
radack@dca.co.harris.tx.us	8207	null	null
levent86@wharton.upenn.edu	8208	null	null
tosha.henderson@enron.com	8209	null	null
compensation.executive@enron.com	8210	null	null
executive.compensation@enron.com	8210	null	null
newwaskom@hotmail.com	8211	null	null
e202a-2@haas.berkeley.edu	8212	null	null
gemerson@sportsrocket.com	8213	null	null
annp@bammel.org	8214	null	null
welsh.waste@enron.com	8215	null	null
welsh@enron.com	8215	null	null
'welsh@enron.com	8215	null	null
iborstein@aol.com	8216	null	null
john.urquhart@enron.com	8217	null	null
karen.o'day@enron.com	8218	null	null
john.sides@enron.com	8219	null	null
mike.shannon@enron.com	8220	null	null
kwatson@the-spires.com	8221	null	null
kwatson@enron.com	8221	null	null
bill.swarthout@enron.com	8222	null	null
mc.montgomery@worldnet.att.net	8223	null	null
mc@milchev.com	8223	null	null
united.way@enron.com	8224	null	null
jbyron@calpine.com	8225	null	null
jbyron@aol.com	8225	null	null
shingwong@visto.com	8226	null	null
cgingrich@ziffenergy.com	8227	null	null
anne.beliveaux@enron.com	8228	null	null
chonch222@hotmail.com	8229	null	null
david.silldorff@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	8230	null	null
fss_order@dell.com	8231	null	null
alaadin.suliman@enron.com	8232	null	null
dbf@vitol.com	8233	null	null
sat@blakes.com	8234	null	null
tlf0005@unt.edu	8235	null	null
yvonne.jackson@compaq.com	8236	null	null
sfmccabe@mindspring.com	8237	null	null
ellingwood@enron.com	8238	null	null
bwalker@mfah.org	8239	null	null
bwalker@hga.org	8239	null	null
bwalker@gcauniforms.com	8239	null	null
gale.ramsaran@enron.com	8240	null	null
rmh5@pge.com	8241	null	null
susan_s_edwards@yahoo.com	8242	null	null
govwtwrter13w@hotmail.com	8243	null	null
dana-patterson@reliantenergy.com	8244	null	null
singer@fairair.com	8245	null	null
flycheap@promos.flycheap.com	8246	null	null
flycheap@flycheap.com	8246	null	null
bjames7421@aol.com	8247	null	null
lallimj@yahoo.com	8248	null	null
congressman.sessions@mail.house.gov	8249	null	null
david.b.duncan@us.arthurandersen.com	8250	null	null
rich.christiansen@mymeetings.com	8251	null	null
megawatt@starband.net	8252	null	null
jknauth@reliant.com	8253	null	null
eff_skilling@enron.com	8254	null	null
alistair.coleman@enron.com	8255	null	null
eqxqolttkk@offeremail.com	8256	null	null
expediafaretracker_023868@expedia.customer-email.com	8257	null	null
crichards@isda.org	8258	null	null
juan.barba@enron.com	8259	null	null
gpitt@ibshouston.com	8260	null	null
184@doar.net	8261	null	null
pgrable@cngc.com	8262	null	null
genchedi@er.oge.com	8263	null	null
g10048@mail.md	8264	null	null
kelly.summers@enron.com	8265	null	null
lauren.go@enron.com	8266	null	null
ajfintz@snopud.com	8267	null	null
marcjc@wharton.upenn.edu	8268	null	null
yang'.'sally@enron.com	8269	null	null
s..fergus@enron.com	8270	null	null
atsm@chewon.com	8271	null	null
ve@mcimail.com	8272	null	null
randimc@aol.com	8273	null	null
jesse.menzies@pacificcmi.com	8274	null	null
michael.herman@enron.com	8275	null	null
sharris1@enron.com	8276	null	null
suzanne.j.heiser@williams.com	8277	null	null
mdickson@summitenergy.com	8278	null	null
john.malowney@enron.com	8279	null	null
'malowney@enron.com	8279	null	null
john.malowney@neg.pge.com	8279	null	null
jim_allison@administaff.com	8280	null	null
timo.teras@foex.fi	8281	null	null
timo@foex.fi	8281	null	null
timo.teras@poyry.fi	8281	null	null
ta.mills@enron.com	8282	null	null
carla_j@compuserve.com	8283	null	null
jen_recruiter@yahoo.com	8284	null	null
awilliam@skadden.com	8285	null	null
micah.hatten@enron.com	8286	null	null
pds6@pge.com	8287	null	null
joann.holloway@enron.com	8288	null	null
'holloway@enron.com	8288	null	null
zuniart@keshi.com	8289	null	null
kellyschneider@alliant-energy.com	8290	null	null
erica.garcia@enron.com	8291	null	null
fbestrada120@aol.com	8292	null	null
billw@calpine.com	8293	null	null
foster.charles@enron.com	8294	null	null
miguel.mendoza@enron.com	8295	null	null
2001board@ercot.com	8296	null	null
pamela.rush@enron.com	8297	null	null
rush@eibnet.com	8297	null	null
'rush@enron.com	8297	null	null
sovsoc@agoramail.net	8298	null	null
bob.biolsi@enron.com	8299	null	null
hwade@frazmtn.com	8300	null	null
angie.nicastro@nerc.net	8301	null	null
ellie.elphick@sdsheriff.org	8302	null	null
ellie@enron.com	8302	null	null
darlene.mckeever@enron.com	8303	null	null
pro-tools-editor@amazon.com	8304	null	null
pro@venturewire.com	8304	null	null
ptw7dtczvsoh@hotmail.com	8305	null	null
dbenninger@reliant.com	8306	null	null
el00-95@listserv.gsa.gov	8307	null	null
christy.chapman@enron.com	8308	null	null
dac1866@yahoo.com	8309	null	null
heilmeier.george@enron.com	8310	null	null
connection.hr@enron.com	8311	null	null
palminc_team.6qy83qzj.d@insync-palm.com	8312	null	null
customer.care@dynegy.com	8313	null	null
customer.care@celesq.com	8313	null	null
melanie.gaar@enron.com	8314	null	null
co-counsel@staffingsolutionsllc.com	8315	null	null
glbgiusti@pinheironeto.com.br	8316	null	null
ponvong@tramontina-usa.com	8317	null	null
juliawhite65@hotmail.com	8318	null	null
anguel.grigorov@enron.com	8319	null	null
grigorov@enron.com	8319	null	null
robert.shapiro@chadbourne.com	8320	null	null
tim.burton@enron.com	8321	null	null
anita.dupont@enron.com	8322	null	null
dupont@enron.com	8322	null	null
pad0330@aol.com	8323	null	null
spiwetz@hotmail.com	8324	null	null
important.list@sofie.ci.kk.dk	8325	null	null
disking@coned.com	8326	null	null
susan.dyer@halliburton.com	8327	null	null
response@savvion.com	8328	null	null
morisjr@selectenergy.com	8329	null	null
eddy.barrie@enron.com	8330	null	null
barrie.eddy@robertmondavi.com	8330	null	null
paulburkhart@hotmail.com	8331	null	null
pic@e-acumen.com	8332	null	null
joanne.bennett@blakes.com	8333	null	null
jeevg@yahoo.com	8334	null	null
cbaumli@hearme.com	8335	null	null
david.truncale@enron.com	8336	null	null
jmgrover@dainrauscher.com	8337	null	null
committee'.'ashleigh@enron.com	8338	null	null
pverleger@compuserve.com	8339	null	null
dave.cook@lgeenergy.com	8340	null	null
clickathomepilot2@enron.com	8341	null	null
adminsec@centralhouston.org	8342	null	null
julie.kearney@enron.com	8343	null	null
noel.petterson@enron.com	8344	null	null
aebrown@santeecooper.com	8345	null	null
lal.echterhoff@enron.com	8346	null	null
steve.elia@enron.com	8347	null	null
matthew.nicholas@enron.com	8348	null	null
bill.williams.iii@enron.com	8349	null	null
bill.williams@enron.com	8349	null	null
karina.prizont@enron.com	8350	null	null
jorgo@calpine.com	8351	null	null
lspeight@saleshelp.com	8352	null	null
tie_list_server.nyiso@nyiso.com	8353	null	null
tie_list_server@nyiso.com	8353	null	null
nyiso_tie@jonus.thebiz.net	8353	null	null
nyiso_tie@lyris.nyiso.com	8353	null	null
syed@ruf.rice.edu	8354	null	null
bubbatram1@aol.com	8355	null	null
vo.hoang@enron.com	8356	null	null
hoang.vo@enron.com	8356	null	null
dwswapp@duke-energy.com	8357	null	null
esherrick@brant-allen.com	8358	null	null
ned@enron.com	8359	null	null
ekao@uh.edu	8360	null	null
craig.hiddleston@enron.com	8361	null	null
grm8@pge.com	8362	null	null
centered@engin.umich.edu	8363	null	null
dmitry@worldrg.com	8364	null	null
maria.barnet@myhomekey.com	8365	null	null
swhalen@calstate.edu	8366	null	null
ecooper@enron.co.uk	8367	null	null
rob.wells@enron.com	8368	null	null
zachary.may@weil.com	8369	null	null
awa@allseas.com	8370	null	null
1800flowers.238953664@s2u2.com	8371	null	null
ron.bertasi@enron.com	8372	null	null
abby@mail.discountair.com	8373	null	null
abby@enron.com	8373	null	null
b00334@edit.martindale.com	8374	null	null
l.appelget@enron.com	8375	null	null
dlpits@yahoo.com	8376	null	null
jparks4868@hotmail.com	8377	null	null
information.administration@enron.com	8378	null	null
richard.cliff@enron.com	8379	null	null
richard.elwood@enron.com	8380	null	null
cburgess@energy.state.ca.us	8381	null	null
pyoo@energy.state.ca.us	8382	null	null
klmiller@srpnet.com	8383	null	null
conrad@risk.co.uk	8384	null	null
conferences-us@riskwaters.com	8385	null	null
michael.guadarrama@enron.com	8386	null	null
jason.smith@murphyoilcorp.com	8387	null	null
danny.quint@enron.com	8388	null	null
ian_johnston@cdnoxy.com	8389	null	null
paul.rehrig@harrisgroup.com	8390	null	null
'rehrig@enron.com	8390	null	null
melissap@katzlaw.com	8391	null	null
ramaswamy_garimella@hotmail.com	8392	null	null
thomas.cutler@hq.doe.gov	8393	null	null
novak@wefa.com	8394	null	null
novak@enron.com	8394	null	null
ben.h.@enron.com	8395	null	null
hal.mckinney@enron.com	8396	null	null
agarza@wsbc.com	8397	null	null
agarza@mfah.org	8397	null	null
insynconline.6cy6wnvb.d@insync-palm.com	8398	null	null
neil.mcgregor@enron.com	8399	null	null
customerservice.879780.19093.0@service.potterybarn.com	8400	null	null
susie_lejune@kindermorgan.com	8401	null	null
michael.elam@piperrudnick.com	8402	null	null
elam@rice.edu	8402	null	null
ahmet.kose@enron.com	8403	null	null
networkcommerce-rccd20011221@ombramarketing.com	8404	null	null
keithcorbo@aol.com	8405	null	null
kathy.siess@enron.com	8406	null	null
james.clarry@allenovery.com	8407	null	null
goodpooch@hotmail.com	8408	null	null
dougancil1@hotmail.com	8409	null	null
saritas@aol.com	8410	null	null
cri@gvtc.com	8411	null	null
jkqmp@inbox.ru	8412	null	null
susan.runkel@enron.com	8413	null	null
david.m.johnson@us.andersen.com	8414	null	null
imqasqas@nyiso.com	8415	null	null
peterh@calpine.com	8416	null	null
jmb@enron.com	8417	null	null
h..fletcher@enron.com	8418	null	null
ccoe@calpine.com	8419	null	null
shawn.kilchrist@enron.com	8420	null	null
kyle.tice@dplinc.com	8421	null	null
bahpar@aol.com	8422	null	null
thomas.hebert@enron.com	8423	null	null
hebert@enron.com	8423	null	null
easters@ldng.com	8424	null	null
jshurts@nwppc.org	8425	null	null
jerrel@ecogas.com	8426	null	null
mstaudt@prgr.com	8427	null	null
kimberlee.driscoll@enron.com	8428	null	null
frthis@aol.com	8429	null	null
dshah@levi.com	8430	null	null
dshah@haas.berkeley.edu	8430	null	null
list.dl-bridgeline@enron.com	8431	null	null
dl-bridgeline@enron.com	8431	null	null
marra'.'scott@enron.com	8432	null	null
marra.scott@enron.com	8432	null	null
dcurrie@uh.edu	8433	null	null
dipak.agarwalla@enron.com	8434	null	null
a_dipak@hotmail.com	8434	null	null
jcrespo@hess.com	8435	null	null
jharvey3@flash.net	8436	null	null
adam.siegel@enron.com	8437	null	null
tiptonhr@yahoo.com	8438	null	null
michael.alexander@sce.com	8439	null	null
wysoki'.'david@enron.com	8440	null	null
rowaen@hotmail.com	8441	null	null
weezie.roberson@enron.com	8442	null	null
kenneth_jett@embanet.com	8443	null	null
vicente.sarmiento@enron.com	8444	null	null
mikeraz@patch.com	8445	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide6@enron.com	8446	null	null
ricardo.guerra@enron.com	8447	null	null
spudz07@aol.com	8448	null	null
sheila.weisman@csfb.com	8449	null	null
enron.expertfinder@enron.com	8450	null	null
expertfinder@enron.com	8450	null	null
jking@wba-law.com	8451	null	null
mnw@cockrell.com	8452	null	null
stephen_williams@reliantenergy.com	8453	null	null
ckocarek@u.washington.edu	8454	null	null
sacohen@wlrk.com	8455	null	null
jccanman@email.unc.edu	8456	null	null
kmiles@wellhead.com	8457	null	null
patricia.wells@eia.doe.gov	8458	null	null
betfrequent@sportingbetusa.com	8459	null	null
jpickell@herc.com	8460	null	null
andr2@wt.net	8461	null	null
llewter@austin.rr.com	8462	null	null
llewter@palm.net	8462	null	null
mrcarlson@tecoenergy.com	8463	null	null
customer_advisory_board@dom.com	8464	null	null
customer_advisory_board@cng.com	8464	null	null
heather_strauss@prusec.com	8465	null	null
-.*strauss@enron.com	8465	null	null
quantum.courtney@enron.com	8466	null	null
amel@amel.fr	8467	null	null
justin.cornett@enron.com	8468	null	null
justin_cornett@enron.net	8468	null	null
tmchendry@cmsenergy.com	8469	null	null
liisa.mulbrecht@enron.com	8470	null	null
tomhawkin@aol.com	8471	null	null
dipersio.rick@enron.com	8472	null	null
f5pynnfcdnk@hotmail.com	8473	null	null
replyhallmarkflowers@email.online.hallmark.com	8474	null	null
richard.lydecker@enron.com	8475	null	null
ewo@jmbm.com	8476	null	null
tmcustomers@alleghenypower.com	8477	null	null
wholesale.services@enron.com	8478	null	null
mcspeltz@reliant.com	8479	null	null
ibachrach@longitude.com	8480	null	null
jandjpostle@attbi.com	8481	null	null
askinfamilyis@home.com	8482	null	null
pizzahut@emsiweb.com	8483	null	null
patrickalan@compuserve.com	8484	null	null
kquigs1@home.com	8485	null	null
freeair@flash.net	8486	null	null
bass.jason@enron.com	8487	null	null
suzanne.danz@enron.com	8488	null	null
danz@enron.com	8488	null	null
campo.steve@enron.com	8489	null	null
ruoffj@epenergy.com	8490	null	null
yitnslzgek@hey.letskeepintouch.com	8491	null	null
rob.gennarini@enron.com	8492	null	null
rob.gennarini@conectiv.com	8492	null	null
davis.paddock@bus.utexas.edu	8493	null	null
jjames@nui.com	8494	null	null
milind.laad@enron.com	8495	null	null
-persson@ricemail.ricefinancial.com	8496	null	null
gil.melman@enron.com	8497	null	null
jtanella@yahoo.com	8498	null	null
scott.adams@enron.com	8499	null	null
jedglick@hotmail.com	8500	null	null
deng@isye.gatech.edu	8501	null	null
deng@isye.isye.gatech.edu	8501	null	null
krejci'.'joellen@enron.com	8502	null	null
bonne.castellano@enron.com	8503	null	null
coastal@lists.openworld.co.uk	8504	null	null
administration.enron@enron.com	8505	null	null
enron.administration@enron.com	8505	null	null
richard.rathvon@enron.com	8506	null	null
npng.office@enron.com	8507	null	null
barshk@gtlaw.com	8508	null	null
mark.greenberg@enron.com	8509	null	null
david.kobierowski@enron.com	8510	null	null
r-announce-request@lists.r-project.org	8511	null	null
joe.guerra@ns.csite.rrc.state.tx.us	8512	null	null
referralware@escriptions.roi1.net	8513	null	null
george.carrick@enron.com	8514	null	null
andrea.hauser@enron.com	8515	null	null
sdemars@tva.gov	8516	null	null
hello-enron@enron.com	8517	null	null
hello.enron@enron.com	8517	null	null
taurel_sidney@lilly.com	8518	null	null
randy.howard@enron.com	8519	null	null
dennis.harris@enron.com	8520	null	null
pat2od@yahoo.com	8521	null	null
susan.harvey@tycoelectronics.com	8522	null	null
gzivic@elementre.com	8523	null	null
mfrazier@enron.com	8524	null	null
jriley@unavco.ucar.edu	8525	null	null
kathleen.muller@pinnaclewest.com	8526	null	null
muller@thedoghousemail.com	8526	null	null
jeff.gray@enron.com	8527	null	null
creditcards@teamfreeze.com	8528	null	null
apurvis@mfah.org	8529	null	null
defelice'.'anne@enron.com	8530	null	null
defelice.anne@enron.com	8530	null	null
dave.neubauer@dynegy.com	8531	null	null
dave.neubauer@enron.com	8531	null	null
foothi19@idt.net	8532	null	null
michael-nancey@mindspring.com	8533	null	null
igi@nctimes.net	8534	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_035341@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	8535	null	null
lhenneberry@ssd.com	8536	null	null
md_mills@yahoo.com	8537	null	null
md@sdabocconi.it	8537	null	null
jayant.krishnaswamy@enron.com	8538	null	null
aborn886@yahoo.com	8539	null	null
steven.l.allen@jpmorgan.com	8540	null	null
steven.l.allen@chase.com	8540	null	null
donna.vaughn@enron.com	8541	null	null
vaughn@plu.edu	8541	null	null
caschwalbe@hotmail.com	8542	null	null
rich.dimichele@enron.com	8543	null	null
rspeck@kayescholer.com	8544	null	null
jhalprin@newpower.com	8545	null	null
wpage@speakeasy.net	8546	null	null
sgagnon@fulbright.com	8547	null	null
susan.worthen@enron.com	8548	null	null
portele.jerry@enron.com	8549	null	null
saeed.raja@enron.com	8550	null	null
custservice@1800flowers.com	8551	null	null
iqtnhr4qiqbun@hotmail.com	8552	null	null
claire.burum@gulfsouthpl.com	8553	null	null
cstumbo@marstonandmarston.com	8554	null	null
frank.stabler@enron.com	8555	null	null
cnet_digital_dispatch@one.digital.cnet.com	8556	null	null
rjelici@smud.org	8557	null	null
rjelici@corporate.smud.org	8557	null	null
sean.percy@enron.com	8558	null	null
zorr.bill@enron.com	8559	null	null
leonidas.savvas@enron.com	8560	null	null
baughman'.'travis@enron.com	8561	null	null
baughman.travis@enron.com	8561	null	null
enernet@hicom.net	8562	null	null
173@artic.net	8563	null	null
actipage@cwjamaica.com	8564	null	null
bmspeckman@aol.com	8565	null	null
kelli.stevens@enron.com	8566	null	null
msngamingzone_019378@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	8567	null	null
jurgen.hess@enron.com	8568	null	null
hess@enron.com	8568	null	null
aae@dellnet.com	8569	null	null
kschueler@central.uh.edu	8570	null	null
americusba@bipc.com	8571	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3293.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	8572	null	null
special-offers-help@smtp2.southwest.com	8573	null	null
special-offers-help@mail2.southwest.com	8573	null	null
special-offers-help@mail.southwest.com	8573	null	null
jeffseely_017023@netstock.customer-email.com	8574	null	null
breedlove@enron.com	8575	null	null
annb@redstonegrp.com	8576	null	null
smartpatient@virtualmedicalgroup.com	8577	null	null
dana.daigle@enron.com	8578	null	null
mark_a_thompson@calpx.com	8579	null	null
ddparlow@aol.com	8580	null	null
kirbysa@texaco.com	8581	null	null
maryivr@hotmail.com	8582	null	null
john.spellman@pse.com	8583	null	null
michael.legler@enron.com	8584	null	null
melanie.doyle@enron.com	8585	null	null
marcy.babb@enron.com	8586	null	null
lindseyhowdowning@dwt.com	8587	null	null
przybyla1@go.com	8588	null	null
fred.enochs@enron.com	8589	null	null
fred_enochs@enron.net	8589	null	null
rothstein.steven@enron.com	8590	null	null
dl-ga-all_ews@enron.com	8591	null	null
fkveh@hotmail.com	8592	null	null
tim.o'rourke@enron.com	8593	null	null
bmitchell@chaindrugstore.com	8594	null	null
bassani.margaret@enron.com	8595	null	null
starwoodmbrs@spg.0mm.com	8596	null	null
hooksdivision@sbcglobal.net	8597	null	null
comments@evote.com	8598	null	null
comments@foxnews.com	8598	null	null
comments@bargaindog.com	8598	null	null
chrisl@technologylaw.com	8599	null	null
siegel.avram@enron.com	8600	null	null
avram@truebluegrass.com	8600	null	null
siegel'.'avram@enron.com	8600	null	null
'jung@enron.com	8601	null	null
nfl.221590@nfl.ed10.net	8602	null	null
tweathersbee@txu.com	8603	null	null
david.jemison@bus.utexas.edu	8604	null	null
wcs@modrall.com	8605	null	null
pattiebaker@carlsontravel.com	8606	null	null
drbenw@swbell.net	8607	null	null
russell.sherrill@ubsw.com	8608	null	null
rhonda_f_alphin@reliantenergy.com	8609	null	null
pghemawat@hbs.edu	8610	null	null
mezmoot@yahoo.com	8611	null	null
renee.williams@perkinelmer.com	8612	null	null
jschwab@aigi.com	8613	null	null
jon.trevelise@enron.com	8614	null	null
robert.mathis@enron.com	8615	null	null
r..mathis@enron.com	8615	null	null
camille@technologylaw.com	8616	null	null
camille@enron.com	8616	null	null
mary.miller@enron.com	8617	null	null
egm.employees@enron.com	8618	null	null
iceuserslist@list.intcx.com	8619	null	null
mark.parsons@enron.com	8620	null	null
mbd@enron.com	8621	null	null
bill.moore@enron.com	8622	null	null
medcorpsafety@pdq.net	8623	null	null
nicolecrader@email.msn.com	8624	null	null
gerald.w.mcelvy@exxonmobil.com	8625	null	null
nbburns@newbernnc.com	8626	null	null
gphilips@televisa.com.mx	8627	null	null
lois.m.rigby@verizon.com	8628	null	null
lois.m.rigby@verison.com	8628	null	null
aaron.nelson@enron.com	8629	null	null
mba99@haas.berkeley.edu	8630	null	null
r-5-728387-2061915-2-6852-us2-b5a3acda@xmr3.com	8631	null	null
jjankows@kcc.com	8632	null	null
henry.baker@enron.com	8633	null	null
kpearson@bmoh.com	8634	null	null
tiffanie.wheeler@reliant.com	8635	null	null
ssharma@enron.com	8636	null	null
marl552@aol.com	8637	null	null
paynem@pioneernrc.com	8638	null	null
bryan.gottredson@enron.com	8639	null	null
niam@informationforecast.com	8640	null	null
niam@infocastinc.com	8640	null	null
kevin.korpi@enron.com	8641	null	null
lissawolf@hotmail.com	8642	null	null
mike-jines@reliantenergy.com	8643	null	null
kwon@haas.berkeley.edu	8644	null	null
stephanie.wellman@elpaso.com	8645	null	null
chris.williams@enron.com	8646	null	null
toi.l.anderson@williams.com	8647	null	null
gary.gibson@lgeenergy.com	8648	null	null
kent.'.'jo.@enron.com	8649	null	null
stephen.jacobson@enron.com	8650	null	null
geordie_hochbaum@transalta.com	8651	null	null
cbentley@fce.com	8652	null	null
robert.m.spielman@db.com	8653	null	null
llenberg"."mark@enron.com	8654	null	null
llenberg".'"mark@enron.com	8654	null	null
selledge@enron.com	8655	null	null
kristen.oland@enron.com	8656	null	null
kristen@skihomerental.com	8656	null	null
kristen.oland@enform.com	8656	null	null
darnaez@ect.enron.com	8657	null	null
dayannarell@pplweb.com	8658	null	null
patrick.danaher@enron.com	8659	null	null
erdmann.garth@enron.com	8660	null	null
jbinder@photofete.com	8661	null	null
stdutton@sonic.net	8662	null	null
robert'.'harshbarger@enron.com	8663	null	null
hollymartyn@hotmail.com	8664	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3383@lists.smartmoney.com	8665	null	null
aletta.moore@enron.com	8666	null	null
lane.alexander@enron.com	8667	null	null
nick.west@linklaters.com	8668	null	null
sbroughton@avistacorp.com	8669	null	null
remy@usasean.org	8670	null	null
brunerr@darden.virginia.edu	8671	null	null
dede@enron.com	8672	null	null
langridg@haas.berkeley.edu	8673	null	null
laura.kunkel@enron.com	8674	null	null
cyoder@ect.enron.com	8675	null	null
cyoder@enron.com	8675	null	null
samantha.boyd@enron.com	8676	null	null
stevens.ben@enron.com	8677	null	null
miki.bode@williams.com	8678	null	null
pmoritzburke@cera.com	8679	null	null
jtompkins@iexalt.net	8680	null	null
orderdetails@buy.com	8681	null	null
gm8rta9zj6d@hotmail.com	8682	null	null
fmay1@alleghenyenergy.com	8683	null	null
cocob@pdq.net	8684	null	null
r-7-56294-4131038-2-5820-us2-5c112aeb@xmr3.com	8685	null	null
mitch.taylor@enron.com	8686	null	null
csccomments@ercot.com	8687	null	null
barbara.hardt@enron.com	8688	null	null
viera@haas.berkeley.edu	8689	null	null
stevel@subutil.com	8690	null	null
arsystem@mailman.enron.com	8691	null	null
arsystem@enron.com	8691	null	null
arsystem@ect.enron.com	8691	null	null
jay.patel@enron.com	8692	null	null
eolimpio@bellatlantic.net	8693	null	null
felnera@citi.com	8694	null	null
vscruggs@wyattfirm.com	8695	null	null
drsukie@yahoo.com	8696	null	null
lori.haney@enron.com	8697	null	null
acuou@iobox.fi	8698	null	null
allan.grimm@enron.com	8699	null	null
shari.johnson@enron.com	8700	null	null
shari_johnson@pgn.com	8700	null	null
gretchen.lotz@enron.com	8701	null	null
gretchen@risklimited.net	8701	null	null
bmaxant@deloitte.com	8702	null	null
billcoach@aol.ciom	8703	null	null
diserens.stephen@enron.com	8704	null	null
sunnygreece@travelling.gr	8705	null	null
jweisgall@aol.com	8706	null	null
strattod@kochind.com	8707	null	null
mike.peschka@enron.com	8708	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3911@lists.smartmoney.com	8709	null	null
abaker@skippingstone.com	8710	null	null
dblack1@enron.com	8711	null	null
tracey.cooper@enron.com	8712	null	null
miguel.gaffud@enron.com	8713	null	null
446445.297274958.1@current.reply.tm0.com	8714	null	null
ambroshia.hunter-perry@enron.com	8715	null	null
ambroshia.perry@enron.com	8715	null	null
theweatherchannel@alerts.weather.com	8716	null	null
kennedy.rick@enron.com	8717	null	null
r..kennedy@enron.com	8717	null	null
lou.potempa@enron.com	8718	null	null
potempa@kingwoodcable.com	8718	null	null
greeniem@houston.rr.com	8719	null	null
christopher_tkaczyk@fortunemail.com	8720	null	null
customerservice.1302517.26672.1532734@service.potterybarnkids.com	8721	null	null
newswire-html@lists.law.com	8722	null	null
newswire-html@majordomo.law.com	8722	null	null
cagle.dawn@enron.com	8723	null	null
cagle@enron.com	8723	null	null
kirkwitzberger@hotmail.com	8724	null	null
paul.forrester@enron.com	8725	null	null
forrester@forrester.com	8725	null	null
forrester@enron.com	8725	null	null
djones1969@yahoo.com	8726	null	null
akoenig@hhw-law.com	8727	null	null
ttbp50@hotmail.com	8728	null	null
sm2@ev.state.az.us	8729	null	null
rdagistino@nymex.com	8730	null	null
anil.chandy@enron.com	8731	null	null
ashley.streetman@exult.net	8732	null	null
rick.wadle@mirant.com	8733	null	null
rick.wadle@southernenergy.com	8733	null	null
william_p_boswell@corp.cng.com	8734	null	null
fieldejr@sce.com	8735	null	null
huntertd@sce.com	8736	null	null
fava'.'gene@enron.com	8737	null	null
ealden1@ix.netcom.com	8738	null	null
michael.wortham@enron.com	8739	null	null
mcavan@bdo.com	8740	null	null
dhatten@houston.rr.com	8741	null	null
pdnd-nc@hotel.opt-inemail.com	8742	null	null
nc@mmf.com	8742	null	null
asaksen@rfc.com	8743	null	null
karen.anderson@simmons-simmons.com	8744	null	null
claytor@purdue.edu	8745	null	null
allison.charlton@gems8.gov.bc.ca	8746	null	null
allison.charlton@gems.gov.bc.ca	8746	null	null
sarah.domonoske@enron.com	8747	null	null
dmartin@imperialcapital.com	8748	null	null
ep4xcy1u@msn.com	8749	null	null
kdleitau@llgm.com	8750	null	null
lwillis@blackvoices.com	8751	null	null
lwillis@enron.com	8751	null	null
dalexander@bondmarkets.com	8752	null	null
dalexander@weingarten.com	8752	null	null
michelle.word@enron.com	8753	null	null
word@m-w.com	8753	null	null
lgrimm@ercot.com	8754	null	null
scottrosenfeld@juno.com	8755	null	null
california.team@enron.com	8756	null	null
samantha.ferguson@enron.com	8757	null	null
janmcdonald@earthlink.net	8758	null	null
aruby@rubyschofield.com	8759	null	null
frank.hosak@enron.com	8760	null	null
rtroisi@natsource.com	8761	null	null
donohue@uschamber.com	8762	null	null
cornstein@alexander-cleaver.com	8763	null	null
carey.metz@enron.com	8764	null	null
carey.m.metz@enron.com	8764	null	null
carey.m@nypa.gov	8764	null	null
jbz@blakes.com	8765	null	null
akuzer@tfsbrokers.com	8766	null	null
skillingj@enron.com	8767	null	null
feder.t@enron.com	8768	null	null
feder'.'t@enron.com	8768	null	null
johne@calpine.com	8769	null	null
johne@wildeconst.com	8769	null	null
mark.perryman@enron.com	8770	null	null
insynconline.6tzb-8v0.d@insync-palm.com	8771	null	null
mdeminsky@crisisclinic.org	8772	null	null
f..moran@enron.com	8773	null	null
mcdonald.chrisandjenn@enron.com	8774	null	null
tony.dugger@enron.com	8775	null	null
frank_frankini@equityoffice.com	8776	null	null
rob_stitt@hotmail.com	8777	null	null
michael.wong@enron.com	8778	null	null
about-artextra@aboutdirect.net	8779	null	null
debbie.brackett@enron.com	8780	null	null
brackett@enron.com	8780	null	null
sarah.lewis@enron.com	8781	null	null
karen.elkind-hirsch@enron.com	8782	null	null
424354.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	8783	null	null
james.row@enron.com	8784	null	null
michael.ritacco@enron.com	8785	null	null
k_browning@yahoo.com	8786	null	null
rinaldijohn@yahoo.com	8787	null	null
anwar.melethil@enron.com	8788	null	null
julianna.grisham@halliburton.com	8789	null	null
ryan.seleznov@enron.com	8790	null	null
yahoo_billpay@checkfree.com	8791	null	null
a.malo@ontariopowergeneration.com	8792	null	null
vvalencia@edelmanmexico.com.mx	8793	null	null
deverell@fluid.com	8794	null	null
galt_69@yahoo.com	8795	null	null
frankjwil@yahoo.com	8796	null	null
james.k.miller@exxon.sprint.com	8797	null	null
tobin1977@hotmail.com	8798	null	null
terrym@millcreeklaw.com	8799	null	null
timothy15447y365y@hotpop.com	8800	null	null
ruwan@rice.edu	8801	null	null
ruwan@ruf.rice.edu	8801	null	null
enronbob@enron.com	8802	null	null
mwitcher@weingarten.com	8803	null	null
mcazaubon@peco-energy.com	8804	null	null
g111@mail.yahoo.co.jp	8805	null	null
l..boudreau@enron.com	8806	null	null
shyril.scott@enron.com	8807	null	null
jxm@cpuc.ca.gov	8808	null	null
julson.alan@enron.com	8809	null	null
xj3v9j6saih@hotmail.com	8810	null	null
christie_partick@enron.com	8811	null	null
patrick.mackin@enron.com	8812	null	null
akorth@riveroaksimaging.com	8813	null	null
grace.taylor@enron.com	8814	null	null
martin.james@msj.com.au	8815	null	null
kathryn.bussell@enron.com	8816	null	null
dboerner1@txu.com	8817	null	null
japanexec2001@mindspring.com	8818	null	null
david.shank@penobscot.net	8819	null	null
tmoore@llgm.com	8820	null	null
owner-ctshottoday@ctsinternet.com	8821	null	null
ctshottoday@ctsinternet.com	8821	null	null
aogoodman@hahnlaw.com	8822	null	null
sgibner@enron.com	8823	null	null
sgibner@hotmail.com	8823	null	null
sgibner@ect.enron.com	8823	null	null
salome.kern@enron.com	8824	null	null
ncregan@mdbe.com	8825	null	null
lmnemec@shellus.com	8826	null	null
chrismeyer@wt.net	8827	null	null
'yott@enron.com	8828	null	null
rick.bittner@enron.com	8829	null	null
dsalomon@lab9.com	8830	null	null
rnadalin@tindallfoster.com	8831	null	null
steve.hawke@enron.com	8832	null	null
gvanpelt@caiso.com	8833	null	null
elliot.fullwood@enron.com	8834	null	null
dave.sweet@enron.com	8835	null	null
eliotlevin@cs.com	8836	null	null
sarita.das@enron.com	8837	null	null
scott.chucksally@enron.com	8838	null	null
getmorechannels@hotmail.com	8839	null	null
seligman@nmoga.org	8840	null	null
john_presley@enron.net	8841	null	null
john.presley@enron.com	8841	null	null
steve_ponder@fpl.com	8842	null	null
esther.garcia@enron.com	8843	null	null
kevin.scott@enron.com	8844	null	null
mpena@shipco.com	8845	null	null
isenberg@hmot.com	8846	null	null
ncollier@isda-eur.org	8847	null	null
alan.behrens@enron.com	8848	null	null
behrens@morrownet.net	8848	null	null
jporte1@columbiaenergy.com	8849	null	null
jporte1@columbiaenergygroup.com	8849	null	null
lcurry@kineticres.com	8850	null	null
work'.'reid@enron.com	8851	null	null
mvianna@tradespark.com	8852	null	null
structure.group@enron.com	8853	null	null
aaron.brown@enron.com	8854	null	null
aaron_brown@enron.com	8854	null	null
marshall.brown@robertwalters.com	8855	null	null
marshall.brown@enron.com	8855	null	null
cooms@andrews-kurth.com	8856	null	null
mike.macphee@enron.com	8857	null	null
dominik.schnickels@cec.eu.int	8858	null	null
stephanie.summers@enron.com	8859	null	null
purvi.patel@enron.com	8860	null	null
amy.smith@enron.com	8861	null	null
acinfo@aircanada.ca	8862	null	null
kpolozie@mwe.com	8863	null	null
dan.minter@enron.com	8864	null	null
jweihaupt@trigon-sheehan.com	8865	null	null
goztemel@sempratrading.com	8866	null	null
kneda@clds.net	8867	null	null
isodispute@caiso.com	8868	null	null
todd.ross@enron.com	8869	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.100@post.intellimedia.com	8870	null	null
nfels@cov.com	8871	null	null
undisclosed-recipient"@enron.com	8872	null	null
undisclosed-recipient".@enron@enron.com	8872	null	null
undisclosed-recipient@mailman.enron.com	8872	null	null
miles.weigel@ipgdirect.com	8873	null	null
miles@teamfreeze.com	8873	null	null
willwomble@home.com	8874	null	null
theglobalist@theglobalist.com	8875	null	null
cynkcarson@aol.com	8876	null	null
s..landry@enron.com	8877	null	null
landry@enron.com	8877	null	null
bar75bara@hotmail.com	8878	null	null
aruckdes@yahoo.com	8879	null	null
mcarraway@watervalley.net	8880	null	null
plusoklahoma@sportscomm.net	8881	null	null
rgar413489@aol.com	8882	null	null
gitfunkee@yahoo.com	8883	null	null
adeller@ercot.com	8884	null	null
pherrington@edisonmission.com	8885	null	null
shaneyegirl@hotmail.com	8886	null	null
afowler@arcfinancial.com	8887	null	null
fckelly@bpa.gov	8888	null	null
gwing@knowledgebeginnings.com	8889	null	null
expediatraveldeals_033509@expedia.customer-email.com	8890	null	null
tbac20011118@ombramarketing.com	8891	null	null
elton"@mailman.enron.com@enron.com	8892	null	null
jacquelinelindo@akllp.com	8893	null	null
tresea.parker@enron.com	8894	null	null
jnaughto@cwt.com	8895	null	null
gw.admin@enron.com	8896	null	null
gw@alpenimage.com	8896	null	null
raustin@alleghenypower.com	8897	null	null
raustin@houston.rr.com	8897	null	null
cgoodson@schiffhardin.com	8898	null	null
tatiandme@aol.com	8899	null	null
timothy_blanchard@enron.com	8900	null	null
timothy.blanchard@enron.com	8900	null	null
mleippert@keyspanenergy.com	8901	null	null
cfp@enron.com	8902	null	null
chonawee@umich.edu	8903	null	null
jerry'.'dempsey@enron.com	8904	null	null
jerry.dempsey@enron.com	8904	null	null
theresa.connor-smith@enron.com	8905	null	null
phighsmith@sandefer.com	8906	null	null
t_wireless@customoffers.com	8907	null	null
melissa.videtto@enron.com	8908	null	null
nobody@sfgate.com	8909	null	null
nobody@que.thetrip.com	8909	null	null
nobody@chef.trip.com	8909	null	null
bill.cordes@enron.com	8910	null	null
cordes@enron.com	8910	null	null
loretta.haynes@enron.com	8911	null	null
kb@quinnemanuel.com	8912	null	null
kb@pointclicklive.net	8912	null	null
julie.braly@enron.com	8913	null	null
andrew.edison@enron.com	8914	null	null
russ.severson@enron.com	8915	null	null
donnie.myers@enron.com	8916	null	null
bdrinkwater@mcdonaldcarano.com	8917	null	null
nidllc@aol.com	8918	null	null
sabrae.zajac@enron.com	8919	null	null
gabrielle.hagele@ubsw.com	8920	null	null
eletke@enron.com	8921	null	null
'poole.jr.@enron.com	8922	null	null
certrequest@caiso.com	8923	null	null
davide.iannucci@np.ge.com	8924	null	null
rebeccad@pscasc.com	8925	null	null
wardlaw.alvia@enron.com	8926	null	null
david_becker@i2.com	8927	null	null
p..moran@enron.com	8928	null	null
glaughlin@akingump.com	8929	null	null
wsj@xmr3.com	8930	null	null
roshmi.mukherjee@us.andersen.com	8931	null	null
robert.knight-@enron.com	8932	null	null
robert.knight@enron.com	8932	null	null
mcmk@bellsouth.net	8933	null	null
danielle.saadia@enron.com	8934	null	null
elvisthompson@aol.com	8935	null	null
suzanne.russell@enron.com	8936	null	null
piernotb@letu.edu	8937	null	null
maria.beccaccini@enron.com	8938	null	null
hornbeck.chris@enron.com	8939	null	null
chris_hornbeck@sp.gap.com	8939	null	null
kzito@unitedfuels.com	8940	null	null
slipin@brunswickgroup.com	8941	null	null
eva.neufeld@enron.com	8942	null	null
richard.buy@enron.com	8943	null	null
mgermany@ch2m.com	8944	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.88@post.intellimedia.com	8945	null	null
knowak@wpo.org	8946	null	null
grant.oh@enron.com	8947	null	null
lynn.tippery@enron.com	8948	null	null
jimfulrich@aol.com	8949	null	null
pat.shortridge@enron.com	8950	null	null
aw_weekly16-admin@lm2.auctionwatch.com	8951	null	null
agruber@tindallfoster.com	8952	null	null
michael.slade@enron.com	8953	null	null
cstclai@enron.com	8954	null	null
cstclai@ect.enron.com	8954	null	null
gregory.phillips@enron.com	8955	null	null
gregory.phillips@compaq.com	8955	null	null
activetrader@schwab.com	8956	null	null
bobbonhort@aol.com	8957	null	null
ben.asante@enron.com	8958	null	null
sjaiswal@viviance.com	8959	null	null
kean.philip@mcleodusa.net	8960	null	null
lorna.ervin@enron.com	8961	null	null
lorna@netopia.com	8961	null	null
eallen@eagleglobal.com	8962	null	null
linda.adels@enron.com	8963	null	null
rwhite@ingaa.org	8964	null	null
rwhite@ssd.com	8964	null	null
rwhite@wstribes.org	8964	null	null
rwhite@san.osd.mil	8964	null	null
klp@freese.com	8965	null	null
jj1437s@yahoo.com	8966	null	null
sager.john@epamail.epa.gov	8967	null	null
jcheisey@tecoenergy.com	8968	null	null
alberto_fuente@navegalia.com	8969	null	null
jeffrey.k.skilling@enron.com	8970	null	null
jeffrey_skilling@enron.com	8970	null	null
jeffrey.skilling@enron.com	8970	null	null
james.i.ducote@enron.com	8971	null	null
james.ducote@enron.com	8971	null	null
jeff.kabel@enron.com	8972	null	null
dacluff@duke-energy.com	8973	null	null
uh6fjy24y@mailops.com	8974	null	null
sjy@cpuc.ca.gov	8975	null	null
milind.pasad@capitalrisk.com	8976	null	null
milind.pasad@enron.com	8976	null	null
evaquearry@ev1.net	8977	null	null
rgay@ect.enron.com	8978	null	null
rgay@enron.com	8978	null	null
js7004@telkom.net	8979	null	null
1800flowers.31022507@s2u2.com	8980	null	null
'moseley@enron.com	8981	null	null
snapka.gerald@enron.com	8982	null	null
stirman@mail.flex.net	8983	null	null
stirman@mail.utexas.edu	8983	null	null
ben.sturgeon@gfinet.co.uk	8984	null	null
peter.berger@enron.com	8985	null	null
szm@sonnenschein.com	8986	null	null
billweller@aol.com	8987	null	null
saulh@econnergy.com	8988	null	null
robert.c.williams@enron.com	8989	null	null
robert.williams@enron.com	8989	null	null
pete.keavey@us.socgen.com	8990	null	null
pete.keavey@socgen.com	8990	null	null
patrick.henaff@pdq.net	8991	null	null
kayla.heitmeyer@enron.com	8992	null	null
client.service@schwab.com	8993	null	null
richard.vincent@enron.com	8994	null	null
vincent@cynetinc.com	8994	null	null
hermannpk@aol.com	8995	null	null
shirley.crenshaw@enron.com	8996	null	null
ellen.clardy@ipgdirect.com	8997	null	null
brian.d.barto@enron.com	8998	null	null
brian.barto@enron.com	8998	null	null
reese.lisa@enron.com	8999	null	null
mgamson@advent.com	9000	null	null
jtobin@mofo.com	9001	null	null
isas@wscc.com	9002	null	null
dsahearn@ucdavis.edu	9003	null	null
matt.motley@enron.com	9004	null	null
motley.matt@enron.com	9004	null	null
chris.wiebe@enron.com	9005	null	null
veerle.vercaigne@kbc.be	9006	null	null
max.doner@enron.com	9007	null	null
max@enron.com	9007	null	null
max@knowledgecube.com	9007	null	null
clint.freeland@enron.com	9008	null	null
ezgumerman@lbl.gov	9009	null	null
steven.alexander@us.artemisintl.com	9010	null	null
michael.mattox@enron.com	9011	null	null
mattox@spahouston.org	9011	null	null
wayne.bartel@petrovantage.com	9012	null	null
sjroyka@columbiaenergy.com	9013	null	null
aquilini.ryan@enron.com	9014	null	null
expediatraveldeals_037655@expedia.customer-email.com	9015	null	null
lynne.delaurentis@mbia.com	9016	null	null
mawhowel@southernco.com	9017	null	null
kevin.dinh@enron.com	9018	null	null
chrisk@c3ipros.com	9019	null	null
waas.stephen@enron.com	9020	null	null
calpx@fas.intl.pwcglobal.com	9021	null	null
e233@naseej.com	9022	null	null
peterpellegrini@hotmail.com	9023	null	null
kvanpelt@houston.rr.com	9024	null	null
kvanpelt@cmsenergy.com	9024	null	null
kvanpelt@flash.net	9024	null	null
renda.angel@enron.com	9025	null	null
blythe@energy.ca.gov	9026	null	null
fokrasin@trigen.com	9027	null	null
bubbad@wt.net	9028	null	null
diana_sanchez@enron.net	9029	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.57@post.intellimedia.com	9030	null	null
mondavi.um.a.5.14@webmail.wineenthusiast.net	9030	null	null
rlehmann@yahoo.com	9031	null	null
becky.stephens@enron.com	9032	null	null
kriendler'.'jason@enron.com	9033	null	null
j25656@spray.no	9034	null	null
stacy.lesmeister@enron.com	9035	null	null
cgiron@mindspring.com	9036	null	null
tandress@breitburn.com	9037	null	null
dana.docherty@enron.com	9038	null	null
ashley.landry@enform.com	9039	null	null
mara.alexandr@cargill.com	9040	null	null
gary.hanks@enron.com	9041	null	null
biehunko'.'barbara@enron.com	9042	null	null
ann.chance@enron.com	9043	null	null
youyi.feng@enron.com	9044	null	null
cylina@vol.com	9045	null	null
marykay.manning@enron.com	9046	null	null
jconto@ercot.com	9047	null	null
andrew.wilkinson@cliffordchance.com	9048	null	null
tfmuell@aol.com	9049	null	null
monfan@ruf.rice.edu	9050	null	null
monfan@rice.edu	9050	null	null
robert.munson@enron.com	9051	null	null
gvfleming@flemingsystems.com	9052	null	null
mark.courtney@enron.com	9053	null	null
website@merck-medco.com	9054	null	null
gabrielle.silva@enron.com	9055	null	null
silva@enron.com	9055	null	null
kinoidiot@hotmail.com	9056	null	null
daniela.lisi@enron.com	9057	null	null
pfrayne@aol.com	9058	null	null
a5487@mail.md	9059	null	null
bjdavison@cmsenergy.com	9060	null	null
howard.marshall@enron.com	9061	null	null
warren.schick@enron.com	9062	null	null
jeffseely_009318@netstock.customer-email.com	9063	null	null
steve.january@enron.com	9064	null	null
helen.haynes@enron.com	9065	null	null
carrie.e.nolan@exxonmobil.com	9066	null	null
resovsky@ben.dev.upenn.edu	9067	null	null
jgrayson@dsitoys.com	9068	null	null
sam.jones@enron.com	9069	null	null
chefscatalog_support@chefscatalog.chtah.com	9070	null	null
michael.howe@enron.com	9071	null	null
electric4@coned.com	9072	null	null
liz.mendiola@travelpark.com	9073	null	null
hazel.cook@enron.com	9074	null	null
h..cook@enron.com	9074	null	null
smasud@ladwp.com	9075	null	null
moore2311@aol.com	9076	null	null
michael_burke@eott.com	9077	null	null
michael.burke@enron.com	9077	null	null
jverner@vernerbrumley.com	9078	null	null
anabella.sousa@enron.com	9079	null	null
realtime.dl-alberta@enron.com	9080	null	null
john.ellwood@foothillspipe.com	9081	null	null
john.ellwood@enron.com	9081	null	null
steve_irizarry@kindermorgan.com	9082	null	null
leah.rijo@enron.com	9083	null	null
erie4639@eudoramail.com	9084	null	null
russell.mitchell@enron.com	9085	null	null
ccarnes@vbllc.com	9086	null	null
nmwolf@duke-energy.com	9087	null	null
si2str55jci@hotmail.com	9088	null	null
orsi@tconl.com	9089	null	null
brent.spiller@enron.com	9090	null	null
darla.steffes@enron.com	9091	null	null
d.'.'steffes@enron.com	9091	null	null
d..steffes@enron.com	9091	null	null
ctaylor@thetempleaibs.org	9092	null	null
spb@nrec.com	9093	null	null
announcements.egs@enron.com	9094	null	null
florian.neubauer@enron.com	9095	null	null
linda_l_foster@calpx.com	9096	null	null
gerardo.benitez@enron.com	9097	null	null
bkostek@ch2m.com	9098	null	null
tomczyk@wharton.upenn.edu	9099	null	null
f214b@wiz.ixgate	9100	null	null
ccernosek@aep.com	9101	null	null
ueng@stthom.edu	9102	null	null
s8tebh3k@msn.com	9103	null	null
amy.baker@enron.com	9104	null	null
bret.wells@enron.com	9105	null	null
jeffery.mcmahon@enron.com	9106	null	null
kurtandrewkaiser@hotmail.com	9107	null	null
aguiar@usourceonline.com	9108	null	null
jtdelorenzo@swidlaw.com	9109	null	null
dsworld1@cobweb.nl	9110	null	null
razelg@aol.com	9111	null	null
friedfel@haas.berkeley.edu	9112	null	null
eeinowski@stoel.com	9113	null	null
juana.fayett@enron.com	9114	null	null
total@shagmail.com	9115	null	null
anniversary-thanks@amazon.com	9116	null	null
thanks@amazon.com	9116	null	null
john.laborde@enron.com	9117	null	null
dni2v7@msn.com	9118	null	null
npmc@iso-ne.com	9119	null	null
david.badura@enron.com	9120	null	null
8777208398.4891939@pagenetmessage.net	9121	null	null
asayrak@katz.out.edu	9122	null	null
jalatorr@ect.enron.com	9123	null	null
robert.duncan@enron.com	9124	null	null
igo_com.ue.x4664.p22875327@ixs2.net	9125	null	null
lcottle@whitecase.com	9126	null	null
mcahill@nui.com	9127	null	null
glynn.johnson@enron.com	9128	null	null
gnorieg@nicor.com	9129	null	null
janice.christianson@enron.com	9130	null	null
nelson.neale@enron.com	9131	null	null
neale@haas.berkeley.edu	9131	null	null
neale@enron.com	9131	null	null
gavin.gaul@enron.com	9132	null	null
dlawrence@nyiso.com	9133	null	null
media67@opt14.edirectnetwork.net	9134	null	null
apizzut@alleghenyenergy.com	9135	null	null
d@piassick".@enron@enron.com	9136	null	null
kim.melodick@enron.com	9137	null	null
melodick@enron.com	9137	null	null
lgttfssz5v@hotmail.com	9138	null	null
ugnjeyynt@yahoo.com	9139	null	null
lalena@flow-zone.com	9140	null	null
all.enron-worldwide@enron.com	9141	null	null
all.worldwide@enron.com	9141	null	null
enron.worldwide@enron.com	9141	null	null
gerosimo@enron.com	9142	null	null
andre@enron.com	9143	null	null
.'andre@enron.com	9143	null	null
reginald.hart@enron.com	9144	null	null
a..johnson@enron.com	9145	null	null
catherine.dumont@enron.com	9146	null	null
hendersonsk@nortonrose.com	9147	null	null
jaina@coned.com	9148	null	null
howard.levine@enron.com	9149	null	null
gregory.maxfield@pacificorp.com	9150	null	null
vancpower@dom.com	9151	null	null
patrick_kuykendall@hotmail.com	9152	null	null
k..patrick@enron.com	9152	null	null
patrick.kuykendall@ecoutlook.com	9152	null	null
massey.stacie@enron.com	9153	null	null
massey@ptg.com	9153	null	null
jstroh@calstate.edu	9154	null	null
w..broome@enron.com	9155	null	null
kristen.clause@enron.com	9156	null	null
jprosenfield@cera.com	9157	null	null
james.hughes@enron.com	9158	null	null
mhlyons@earthlink.net	9159	null	null
edwardondarza@hotmail.com	9160	null	null
chris.mumm@enron.com	9161	null	null
amcgovern@stblaw.com	9162	null	null
rumor@gte.net	9163	null	null
camera-photo-store-news@amazon.com	9164	null	null
halth@andrews-kurth.com	9165	null	null
mjsgroup@pdq.net	9166	null	null
alberto.carreno@enron.com	9167	null	null
pj3@swbell.net	9168	null	null
pesavento@camacho.com.br	9169	null	null
stglrlarbznysdq@msn.com	9170	null	null
wood'.'chance@enron.com	9171	null	null
awinsor@camh.org	9172	null	null
brent.mcdaniel@woodwardmarketing.com	9173	null	null
f9zslr8l7te@hotmail.com	9174	null	null
nolesjames@aol.com	9175	null	null
tony.jarrett@enron.com	9176	null	null
fantsup@sportsline.com	9177	null	null
1800flowers.31022381@s2u2.com	9178	null	null
asmather@sempra.com	9179	null	null
larry.swett@enron.com	9180	null	null
jschmidt@ensr.com	9181	null	null
mark_kopinski@enron.com	9182	null	null
mark_kopinski@americancentury.com	9182	null	null
dfrey@seminoleenergy.com	9183	null	null
r_heitzman@hotmail.com	9184	null	null
lisa.finley@dvn.com	9185	null	null
rafael.rangel@enron.com	9186	null	null
thomas.meers@enron.com	9187	null	null
yliao2@mail.uh.edu	9188	null	null
yliao2@enron.com	9188	null	null
gabriela.aguilar@enron.com	9189	null	null
placement@ahlr.com	9190	null	null
robert.jones@mailman.enron.com	9191	null	null
robert.jones@enron.com	9191	null	null
wms_etc@ercot.com	9192	null	null
wms@kainon.com	9192	null	null
wms@ercot.com	9192	null	null
webtrading@schwab.com	9193	null	null
david.o'dell@enron.com	9194	null	null
420008.249788698.3@etoys.reply.tm0.com	9195	null	null
roger.reynolds@enron.com	9196	null	null
catriona.ritchie@pcc.org.uk	9197	null	null
taras@hba.org	9198	null	null
rogerrippy@akllp.com	9199	null	null
rogerrippy@andrews-kurth.com	9199	null	null
jennifer.reside@enron.com	9200	null	null
subscription@mailman.enron.com	9201	null	null
smarter@susmangodfrey.com	9202	null	null
billie_dickens@afcc.com	9203	null	null
billie@enron.com	9203	null	null
dickens@enron.com	9203	null	null
jcbellavance@yahoo.com	9204	null	null
daryl.kitchen@enron.com	9205	null	null
daryl@honeywell.com	9205	null	null
thedesk@scudderpublishing.com	9206	null	null
rholtz@wexford.com	9207	null	null
c..alexander@enron.com	9208	null	null
charles.morgan@bellsouth.com	9209	null	null
'vavrek@enron.com	9210	null	null
vavrek@haas.berkeley.edu	9210	null	null
mitch_olson@enron.com	9211	null	null
mitch.olson@enron.com	9211	null	null
storey.tracey@enron.com	9212	null	null
403098.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	9213	null	null
wgwlonestar@aol.com	9214	null	null
sem@coral.ocn.ne.jp	9215	null	null
sem@eaccess.net	9215	null	null
darlene.forsyth@enron.com	9216	null	null
honest@compuserv.com	9217	null	null
duncan.dave@enron.com	9218	null	null
dave.duncan@cipco.org	9218	null	null
pama9@flash.net	9219	null	null
wangfa@rice.edu	9220	null	null
judywelchrtow@earthlink.net	9221	null	null
bstrong@winstead.com	9222	null	null
mrgrill@flash.net	9223	null	null
sara.broughton@enron.com	9224	null	null
'broughton@enron.com	9224	null	null
stephen.stock@enron.com	9225	null	null
pwerner@isda-eur.org	9226	null	null
dkf@cpuc.ca.gov	9227	null	null
wzjsfezeyghyhmie@msn.com	9228	null	null
julie.brewer@enron.com	9229	null	null
brewer@enron.com	9229	null	null
j..brewer@enron.com	9229	null	null
bwaters@calpine.com	9230	null	null
webtraffic@externalmail.flotherm.co.uk	9231	null	null
wh@wickliff-hall.com	9232	null	null
jsysling@hotmail.com	9233	null	null
jamie.ginsberg@enron.com	9234	null	null
feedback_economist@lists.economist.com	9235	null	null
feedback@travelocity.com	9235	null	null
feedback@intcx.com	9235	null	null
feedback@lonestarmusic.com	9235	null	null
feedback@travelocity.m0.net	9235	null	null
feedback@clearstation.com	9235	null	null
feedback@theknot.com	9235	null	null
jmcgreev@llgm.com	9236	null	null
bill_e_eichten@cargill.com	9237	null	null
milam.jim@enron.com	9238	null	null
tks@enron.com	9239	null	null
hixersmix@aol.com	9240	null	null
bus.all-hou@enron.com	9241	null	null
rainj@tklaw.com	9242	null	null
lana.yu@enron.com	9243	null	null
lana@teamfreeze.com	9243	null	null
brenda.j.carroll@verizon.com	9244	null	null
evans_r_mark@yahoo.com	9245	null	null
mark.evans@enron.com	9245	null	null
igsinc@ix.netcom.com	9246	null	null
2535140carlsbad345@yahoo.com	9247	null	null
karen_nally@ci.mesa.az.us	9248	null	null
michael.kim@enron.com	9249	null	null
yeary@thesearchcenter.com	9250	null	null
ghagerty@epcor.ca	9251	null	null
adnankkhan@hotmail.com	9252	null	null
linda.robertson@enron.com	9253	null	null
linda'.'robertson@enron.com	9253	null	null
rl158@aol.com	9254	null	null
mhorvith@bindview.com	9255	null	null
wportale@hotmail.com	9256	null	null
martha.sumner-kenney@enron.com	9257	null	null
ctetrault@velaw.com	9258	null	null
rahmaan.mwongozi@enron.com	9259	null	null
jeffrey.baldwin@enron.com	9260	null	null
kevis.alex@enron.com	9261	null	null
kevis@teamfreeze.com	9261	null	null
danaweidner@hotmail.com	9262	null	null
spykelley@aol.com	9263	null	null
nora.dobin@enron.com	9264	null	null
savenow@priceline.m0.net	9265	null	null
ngaocjrb@qwest.net	9266	null	null
amelia.alder@enron.com	9267	null	null
alder@enron.com	9267	null	null
mr_bill@texas.net	9268	null	null
mr@michaelrosenfeldglry.com	9268	null	null
mr@michaelrosenfeldart.com	9268	null	null
sherri.noel@enron.com	9269	null	null
richard.dimichele@enron.com	9270	null	null
cancelmo.cara@enron.com	9271	null	null
nicole.alvino@enron.com	9272	null	null
tgeaccon@enron.com	9273	null	null
gdreeves@srpnet.com	9274	null	null
emailclub@telluridecolorado.net	9275	null	null
sfauthor@aol.com	9276	null	null
attractthemlikecrazy@dns.jroso.gr.jp	9277	null	null
welchj@foresightps.com	9278	null	null
emissions@enron.com	9279	null	null
lmorwalls@aol.com	9280	null	null
kat.wedig@netzero.net	9281	null	null
ltrimm@iid.com	9282	null	null
jhinton@br-inc.com	9283	null	null
acurles@enron.com	9284	null	null
mediatrec@mediatrec.com	9285	null	null
mediatrec@emailfactory.net	9285	null	null
mediatrec@mediatrec.roi1.net	9285	null	null
mindytravillian@enron.com	9286	null	null
david.boothe@enron.com	9287	null	null
melanie.strong@enron.com	9288	null	null
geroge.sayers@enron.com	9289	null	null
arobertson@houston.rr.com	9290	null	null
larrylinville@post.com	9291	null	null
granberry.mike@enron.com	9292	null	null
steve.dowd@enron.com	9293	null	null
jrv@teamlead.com	9294	null	null
ralphmayers@hotmail.com	9295	null	null
gary.macey@pgnmail.com	9296	null	null
bob.federico@ps.ge.com	9297	null	null
speakerseries.events@schwab.m0.net	9298	null	null
deborah.alleyne@dynegy.com	9299	null	null
bounce-otcjournal-1163964@lyris.otcjournal.com	9300	null	null
'mday@enron.com	9301	null	null
mday@gmssr.com	9301	null	null
mday@enron.com	9301	null	null
'mday'@enron.com	9301	null	null
bbrown8@lsu.edu	9302	null	null
emoses@mayor.lacity.org	9303	null	null
newhorizons@lists.em5000.com	9304	null	null
csiddons@comscore.com	9305	null	null
acurry@velaw.com	9306	null	null
l..driscoll-ernest@enron.com	9307	null	null
steve.baillie@citicorp.com	9308	null	null
jep@wincrest.com	9309	null	null
catalina.cardenas@enron.com	9310	null	null
'catalina.cardenas@enron.com	9310	null	null
asif@haas.berkeley.edu	9311	null	null
jim.schoene@gt.pge.com	9312	null	null
jim.schoene@neg.pge.com	9312	null	null
gregmcintyre@pagenetips.com	9313	null	null
hassan@enron.com	9314	null	null
lynn.dunphy@enron.com	9315	null	null
casey.winter@enron.com	9316	null	null
winter@enron.com	9316	null	null
rceh20011029@ombramarketing.com	9317	null	null
cstrother@mshpc.com	9318	null	null
christian.bailey@enron.com	9319	null	null
rflemin@enron.com	9320	null	null
ted.beatty@dynegy.com	9321	null	null
emaguire@sherman.com	9322	null	null
john.gormley@enron.com	9323	null	null
ahadonation@heart.org	9324	null	null
jfung@mh-a.com	9325	null	null
statebar@pop.net	9326	null	null
louise.beer@enron.com	9327	null	null
karloo@mediaone.net	9328	null	null
customerservice.2652935.24212.0@service.potterybarnkids.com	9329	null	null
alvin.thompson@enron.com	9330	null	null
steve.thomas@enron.com	9331	null	null
fvictoria@isigrp.com	9332	null	null
cneri@ugi.com	9333	null	null
jngoodman@ncpa.org	9334	null	null
janet.rollins@xemkt.com	9335	null	null
trifecta01.14@reply.pm0.net	9336	null	null
tom.white@enron.com	9337	null	null
daniel.jenkins@enron.com	9338	null	null
airam.arteaga@enron.com	9339	null	null
asettanni@bracepatt.com	9340	null	null
412171.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	9341	null	null
kopp@kinneret.kinneret.co.il	9342	null	null
bret.fritch@enron.com	9343	null	null
ecomer@eei.org	9344	null	null
john.o'conner@enron.com	9345	null	null
larry_alexander@efinc.com	9346	null	null
larry.alexander@enron.com	9346	null	null
training@caminus.com	9347	null	null
training@mathworks.com	9347	null	null
marilynmontano@hotmail.com	9348	null	null
laura.o'keefe@enron.com	9349	null	null
thenapsterofporn@hotmail.com	9350	null	null
'lipke@enron.com	9351	null	null
tim.barth@enron.com	9352	null	null
eyeonmn@excite.com	9353	null	null
david.salley@enron.com	9354	null	null
gcordell@hcceb.com	9355	null	null
insynconline.6gfwm6w8.d@insync-palm.com	9356	null	null
k.justin.luber.3@nd.edu	9357	null	null
new.may-june@enron.com	9358	null	null
desapio@usitc.gov	9359	null	null
directors@ercot.com	9360	null	null
bbarnard@mofo.com	9361	null	null
karen.brostad@enron.com	9362	null	null
nwmartin@srpnet.com	9363	null	null
suzanne.adams@enron.com	9364	null	null
waterbugz6@home.com	9365	null	null
waterbugz6@aol.com	9365	null	null
a..cote@enron.com	9366	null	null
iron".'"carlos@enron.com	9367	null	null
rhonda.dempsey@enron.com	9368	null	null
abillings@knowledgeinenergy.com	9369	null	null
mark.duffey@enron.com	9370	null	null
banderluh@yahoo.com	9371	null	null
iblanco@2way.net	9372	null	null
iblanco@bracepatt.com	9372	null	null
miwa-prs@irjgroup.co.jp	9373	null	null
naomi.johnston@enron.com	9374	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@ren-9.cais.net	9375	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@proxy4.ba.best.com	9375	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@ren-2.cais.net	9375	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@ren-6.cais.net	9375	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@ren-8.cais.net	9375	null	null
western.price.survey.contacts@ren-3.cais.net	9375	null	null
cynthia.sokolowsky@mcd.com	9376	null	null
crystal.burreson@mcd.com	9377	null	null
wyndi_workman-rodriguez@pgn.com	9378	null	null
workman-rodriguez'.'wyndi@enron.com	9378	null	null
andrea_yowman@enron.com	9379	null	null
andrea.yowman@enron.com	9379	null	null
ebay.2476150.4720.0@reply.ebay.com	9380	null	null
fschoenhof@banamex.com	9381	null	null
trecina.steadham@enron.com	9382	null	null
christopher.long@enron.com	9383	null	null
roberts_john@gsb.stanford.edu	9384	null	null
private_equity@sriconference.com	9385	null	null
linda.gardner@enron.com	9386	null	null
7290@caramail.com	9387	null	null
deana.fortine@enron.com	9388	null	null
disk343@excite.com	9389	null	null
dolan@enron.com	9390	null	null
david.howe@enron.com	9391	null	null
annemwang@excite.com	9392	null	null
karissa.johnson@enron.com	9393	null	null
cbarmstrong@duke-energy.com	9394	null	null
jeremy.merritt@enron.com	9395	null	null
claude.tellis@enron.com	9396	null	null
407982.57120509.1@1.americanexpress.com	9397	null	null
erinerinb@yahoo.com	9398	null	null
462260.86351074.2@1.americanexpress.com	9399	null	null
8888915473@archwireless.net	9400	null	null
bellery@spi-ind.com	9401	null	null
charles.kaufman@cinergy.com	9402	null	null
mpiekos@academicplanet.com	9403	null	null
gregory.jones@painewebber.com	9404	null	null
misti.day@enron.com	9405	null	null
aria".'"chiodi@enron.com	9406	null	null
database.sg@terrmail3.terrapinn.com	9407	null	null
kelly.spencer@enron.com	9408	null	null
dipak'.'agawalla@enron.com	9409	null	null
daarontaylor@hotmail.com	9410	null	null
rita.j.bianchi@dynegy.com	9411	null	null
jyockey@glgroup.com	9412	null	null
dorna.martin@enron.com	9413	null	null
sara_shackleton.enron.com@dom.com	9414	null	null
enron.md's@enron.com	9414	null	null
mjfucci@hotmail.com	9415	null	null
42.9027.0e--eetoif0h-reg3k2qrrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	9416	null	null
samantha.amosson@enron.com	9417	null	null
'ralee'@enron.com	9418	null	null
ralee@rmi.net	9418	null	null
clark.tom@enron.com	9419	null	null
tom.clark@et.pge.com	9419	null	null
deal.management@enron.com	9420	null	null
clifford.basha@enron.com	9421	null	null
garry.wilson@enron.com	9422	null	null
h1gbwdb4yq9nw@hotmail.com	9423	null	null
gordon.heaney@enron.com	9424	null	null
rachel.bryant@enron.com	9425	null	null
rachel@cleanpower.org	9425	null	null
james.puntumapanitch@enron.com	9426	null	null
cory.williams@enron.com	9427	null	null
enron.above@enron.com	9428	null	null
rkgordon@exchange.ml.com	9429	null	null
mark.fillinger@enron.com	9430	null	null
esager2@ect.enron.com	9431	null	null
esager2@enron.com	9431	null	null
davidshult@juno.com	9432	null	null
mcloufe@texaco.com	9433	null	null
aile@mailman.enron.com	9434	null	null
bward@mitchellgs.com	9435	null	null
paul.garcia@enron.com	9436	null	null
lengths@enrollmentsv.com	9437	null	null
barbara.clancey@ipgdirect.com	9438	null	null
436405.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	9439	null	null
2.3894.58-ouzms98uoqrd.1@cda01.cdnow.com	9440	null	null
richard.d.peterson@xcelenergy.com	9441	null	null
daler.wade@enron.com	9442	null	null
don.schroeder@enron.com	9443	null	null
brian.verm@enron.com	9444	null	null
jwong@bcgas.com	9445	null	null
balladeer@att.net	9446	null	null
fang.fang@enron.com	9447	null	null
sex1@sohu.com	9448	null	null
juicyoffers@email.qves.com	9449	null	null
serenabishop@hotmail.com	9450	null	null
lizard6849@yahoo.com	9451	null	null
vertcare@verticalnet.com	9452	null	null
matthew.campbell@enron.com	9453	null	null
sprungm@pogoproducing.com	9454	null	null
aamarks@apmrecruiting.com	9455	null	null
420531.91948206.2@1.americanexpress.com	9456	null	null
jmartino@viviance.com	9457	null	null
shelley.l.hatcher@us.arthurandersen.com	9458	null	null
shelley.l.hatcher@us.andersen.com	9458	null	null
team.ogden-field@enron.com	9459	null	null
1.11913372.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	9460	null	null
robert.gerry@enron.com	9461	null	null
john.shafer@enron.com	9462	null	null
john_shafer@enron.com	9462	null	null
todd'.'bland@enron.com	9463	null	null
todd.bland@enron.com	9463	null	null
dallan@petro-canada.ca	9464	null	null
amendels@lehman.com	9465	null	null
ehowiemaster@aol.com	9466	null	null
montgomery.john@enron.com	9467	null	null
david.knapp@iea.org	9468	null	null
alpinetop@aol.com	9469	null	null
e278-1@haas.berkeley.edu	9470	null	null
pchimiy@nui.com	9471	null	null
mgarrison@cinergy.com	9472	null	null
bwise@webvangroup.com	9473	null	null
dmill002@hotmail.com	9474	null	null
multi6@wscc.com	9475	null	null
cap@enron.com	9476	null	null
robert.malloy@domtar.com	9477	null	null
rita.bahner@enron.com	9478	null	null
jmaddox@skadden.com	9479	null	null
dwinn@swlegal.orgn	9480	null	null
dwinn@swlegal.org	9480	null	null
pamela.coleman@gs.com	9481	null	null
dreining@gmu.edu	9482	null	null
karpjos@sf.whitecase.com	9483	null	null
joe-faubion@juno.com	9484	null	null
funnymoney.10@reply.pm0.net	9485	null	null
funnymoney.10@lists.postmastergeneral.com	9485	null	null
john.will@enron.com	9486	null	null
gu1@ffwlaw.com	9487	null	null
rene.bickerstaff@enron.com	9488	null	null
hwc@cwnyc.com	9489	null	null
lynne.ruffer@enron.com	9490	null	null
cphillabaum@yahoo.com	9491	null	null
mitchell.hurt@enron.com	9492	null	null
sbashen@sjbc.com	9493	null	null
boardwalk@iquest.net	9494	null	null
grant_kolling@city.palo-alto.ca.us	9495	null	null
kolling@enron.com	9495	null	null
jilallen@deloitte.com	9496	null	null
jilallen@dttus.com	9496	null	null
jilallen@bastion.dttus.com	9496	null	null
david.rollins@enron.com	9497	null	null
barbara.hankins@enron.com	9498	null	null
rich.heidorn@ipgdirect.com	9499	null	null
maolczak@bpa.gov	9500	null	null
joe.monroe@unocal.com	9501	null	null
'monroe@enron.com	9501	null	null
jtsandy@hotmail.com	9502	null	null
connie.schenderlein@williams.com	9503	null	null
infousa4492@telkom.net	9504	null	null
jim.white@las-cruces.org	9505	null	null
jagildea@tecoenergy.com	9506	null	null
rosemary.leblanc@enron.com	9507	null	null
leblanc@enron.com	9507	null	null
donaldson.rob@enron.com	9508	null	null
test.volume@enron.com	9509	null	null
rockhonz@cs.com	9510	null	null
jcgoodman@ncpa.org	9511	null	null
eyth1@aol.com	9512	null	null
devanoski@nyiso.com	9513	null	null
bkranz@nyiso.com	9514	null	null
gkansagor@tr.com	9515	null	null
storesupport@zing.com	9516	null	null
tmorita@isda.org	9517	null	null
arcelia@mailman.enron.com	9518	null	null
idrc.houston.chapter@mailman.enron.com	9519	null	null
joe.step@fpl.com	9520	null	null
v.chiarito@bernabe.it	9521	null	null
skruft@exit109.com	9522	null	null
bjarne.schieldrop@enron.com	9523	null	null
teresa.mandola@enron.com	9524	null	null
catherine.mckalip-thompson@enron.com	9525	null	null
c.thompson@enron.com	9525	null	null
daveandsuecorp@dellnet.com	9526	null	null
trinh.thanh@enron.com	9527	null	null
robert.stump@enron.com	9528	null	null
peter.meringolo@enron.com	9529	null	null
meringolo@enron.com	9529	null	null
mitchell.david@enron.com	9530	null	null
david.mitchell@enron.com	9530	null	null
david.mitchell@cwt.com	9530	null	null
kathleen.wagner@enron.com	9531	null	null
networkcommerce-rccd20011207@ombramarketing.com	9532	null	null
aaron.thomas@aesmail.com	9533	null	null
eadams@fulbright.com	9534	null	null
jdailly@glegg.com	9535	null	null
a.shreck@occmail.occ.state.ok.us	9536	null	null
joanne.garner@enron.com	9537	null	null
gbriden.snakehill@worldnet.att.net	9538	null	null
raabj@aol.com	9539	null	null
lobbyist'.'bev@enron.com	9540	null	null
mcominsky@aol.com	9541	null	null
phyllis.wehring@enron.com	9542	null	null
cbreste@nd.edu	9543	null	null
antitrust@mail.abanet.org	9544	null	null
brenda.crabtree@sabre.com	9545	null	null
ccolang@chandlerproperties.com	9546	null	null
kbaird@firstrate.com	9547	null	null
mordente@enron.com	9548	null	null
hollypaxman@cs.com	9549	null	null
gmpcmiller@earthlink.net	9550	null	null
rodolfo.enron@enron.com	9551	null	null
billy.brown2@compaq.com	9552	null	null
joe.brewer@enron.com	9553	null	null
dcrider@duke-energy.com	9554	null	null
emazingupdate-140b21h@emazing.com	9555	null	null
emazingupdate@emazing.com	9555	null	null
joe.steele@enron.com	9556	null	null
sullivan.steve@enron.com	9557	null	null
home.mortgage.owner@mailman.enron.com	9558	null	null
home.owner@mailman.enron.com	9558	null	null
greg.piper@enron.com	9559	null	null
patricia.andersen@enron.com	9560	null	null
daniel.haynes@enron.com	9561	null	null
jh306@netzero.net	9562	null	null
jh306@netzero.com	9562	null	null
jh306@netzro.net	9562	null	null
edisecurity@enron.com	9563	null	null
keith.miceli@enron.com	9564	null	null
tamborni@haas.berkeley.edu	9565	null	null
tu@tu.com	9566	null	null
jmcsimov@netscape.net	9567	null	null
mpaulina@kantola.com	9568	null	null
kennethm@abag.ca.gov	9569	null	null
ssusman@susmangodfrey.com	9570	null	null
cuz2130@hotmail.com	9571	null	null
vickie.weaver@enron.com	9572	null	null
dfbane@duke-energy.com	9573	null	null
alan.engberg@enron.com	9574	null	null
anne.c.koehler@enron.com	9575	null	null
anne.koehler@enron.com	9575	null	null
c..koehler@enron.com	9575	null	null
owner-newsreleases@energy.ca.gov	9576	null	null
kevin.miller@enron.com	9577	null	null
anchau@shellus.com	9578	null	null
n.etkin@verizon.net	9579	null	null
enronsportsbook@yahoo.com	9580	null	null
jgaribaldi@hanoverco.com	9581	null	null
inez.dauterive@enron.com	9582	null	null
gailg@morgangroup.com	9583	null	null
scollings@gibbs-bruns.com	9584	null	null
john.hogan@mirant.cim	9585	null	null
john.hogan@mirant.com	9585	null	null
john.hogan@southernenergy.com	9585	null	null
john.hogan@mirrant.com	9585	null	null
gjones@firstunion1.com	9586	null	null
alexander.fusco@ubsw.com	9587	null	null
block_forward_traders_and_contacts@calpx.com	9588	null	null
block@columbiaenergygroup.com	9588	null	null
block@nisource.com	9588	null	null
vwatkins@pira.com	9589	null	null
micha.magid@jpmorgan.com	9590	null	null
ralph.edwards.enronxgate@enron.com	9591	null	null
ralph.edwards@enron.com	9591	null	null
chad_landry@enron.com	9592	null	null
chad.landry@enron.com	9592	null	null
astuhr@hnbank.com	9593	null	null
market_relations@nyiso.com	9594	null	null
messaging.security@enron.com	9595	null	null
lobaughl@niagaramohawk.com	9596	null	null
jfrizzley@shearman.com	9597	null	null
dever.william@jdirving.com	9598	null	null
goldmanndv@nmenergy.com	9599	null	null
clickathome.relations-@enron.com	9600	null	null
clickathome@enron.com	9600	null	null
usan"."mara@enron.com	9601	null	null
hayhurstb@paceglobal.com	9602	null	null
adew@sempra-slns.com	9603	null	null
fhlbnebraska@uswest.net	9604	null	null
bduncan.mktpo.d1domain@westerngas.com	9605	null	null
steve.schleicher@enron.com	9606	null	null
ricdoherty@worldnet.att.net	9607	null	null
judgev@aol.com	9608	null	null
gwarren@pennaco.com	9609	null	null
leung@enron.com	9610	null	null
'leung@enron.com	9610	null	null
lar@kekst.com	9611	null	null
kathy.kokas@enron.com	9612	null	null
insynconline.6szhwss1.d@insync-palm.com	9613	null	null
cferguson@sigcorpenergy.com	9614	null	null
cferguson@pcm.net	9614	null	null
cferguson@stephenstephenson.com	9614	null	null
e.grannen@enron.com	9615	null	null
michael.s.de.los.santos@us.andersen.com	9616	null	null
bbreen@questia.com	9617	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.98@post.intellimedia.com	9618	null	null
brian.mihura@enron.com	9619	null	null
hubertart@earthlink.net	9620	null	null
peter.a.doris@uth.tmc.edu	9621	null	null
peedy@wt.net	9622	null	null
thomas.fillip@elpaso.com	9623	null	null
fillip@gateway.net	9623	null	null
mccall@enron.com	9624	null	null
'mccall@enron.com	9624	null	null
timothy.plaut@gs.com	9625	null	null
baughmanpatricia@hotmail.com	9626	null	null
dafb@stanford.edu	9627	null	null
fxwhensrrm@neo2.neotraffix.com	9628	null	null
jimbomania@hotmail.com	9629	null	null
franz.wagner@enron.com	9630	null	null
agent.manager@enron.com	9631	null	null
gene.humphrey@enron.com	9632	null	null
humphrey@enron.com	9632	null	null
nick.arnold@enron.com	9633	null	null
maeda.brenda@enron.com	9634	null	null
tracy.harris@enron.com	9635	null	null
bluehero@hotmail.com	9636	null	null
moneyadm2@timeinc.net	9637	null	null
margaret.dhont@enron.com	9638	null	null
margaret.dhont@ontariopowergeneration.com	9638	null	null
robert.p.palmquist@us.arthurandersen.com	9639	null	null
robert.p.virgo@enron.com	9639	null	null
mcohen@ggfrcmk.com	9640	null	null
mcohen@ggfcmk.com	9640	null	null
jzysk@compuserve.com	9641	null	null
chris.hendrix@enron.com	9642	null	null
gary.foster@enron.com	9643	null	null
cjones@cybercorp.com	9644	null	null
stough.john@enron.com	9645	null	null
todd.perry@enron.com	9646	null	null
parkhill@mit.edu	9647	null	null
steve.venturatos@enron.com	9648	null	null
johnnyryan@usa.net	9649	null	null
briea@hotmail.com	9650	null	null
chaundra.woods@enron.com	9651	null	null
dave.brown@enron.com	9652	null	null
tara.rosenbohm@enron.com	9653	null	null
home.kohler@enron.com	9654	null	null
craig.mclurg@enron.com	9655	null	null
wilkma@usa.net	9656	null	null
allen.roller@enron.com	9657	null	null
meena.jayant@enron.com	9658	null	null
maxlawton@msn.com	9659	null	null
edevlin@edisonmission.com	9660	null	null
mandy.hurt@ey.com	9661	null	null
anita.parker@cumins.com	9662	null	null
dm-kz1-help@dmx0.com	9663	null	null
dm@smartportfolio.com	9663	null	null
leslie.ward@enron.com	9664	null	null
weekly-admin@smartmoneylist.com	9665	null	null
sonya.johnson@enron.com	9666	null	null
sonya@enron.com	9666	null	null
venita.coleman@enron.com	9667	null	null
scott.holloway@eprime.com	9668	null	null
jcarlisle@carltonstaffing.com	9669	null	null
pamela.perry@enron.com	9670	null	null
fredericoporto@akllp.com	9671	null	null
linda.mcdonough@enron.com	9672	null	null
'mcdonough@enron.com	9672	null	null
mcdonough@enron.com	9672	null	null
dconway@altorfer.com	9673	null	null
tm7cqdbcmyikj2w.jwilliaenron@newman.oscar.aol.com	9674	null	null
mark.skinner@csfb.com	9675	null	null
terri.smith@enron.com	9676	null	null
cindy.kunze@haack.com	9677	null	null
legsalad@hotmail.com	9678	null	null
carol.jones@horizon.ab.ca	9679	null	null
marcie.sandford@enron.com	9680	null	null
isnoffers@123jump.com	9681	null	null
rose.m.prevott@williams.com	9682	null	null
denise.moore@dhs.state.tx.usa	9683	null	null
denise.moore@dhs.state.tx.us	9683	null	null
lucianosteve@intesabci.it	9684	null	null
cartoman@earthlink.net	9685	null	null
vantonetti@gaclaw.com	9686	null	null
meriwether.anderson@enron.com	9687	null	null
kpanus@integra-ls.com	9688	null	null
marilyn.tisdale@enron.com	9689	null	null
rshiring@pcenergy.com	9690	null	null
cbh47@gateway.net	9691	null	null
stewart.smith@enron.com	9692	null	null
breard@jump.net	9693	null	null
gilberd@sullcrom.com	9694	null	null
jon_topolski@msn.com	9695	null	null
joh@sunsail.com	9696	null	null
pavel.zadorozhny@enron.com	9697	null	null
gillian.k.boyer@us.andersen.com	9698	null	null
gillian.boyer@enron.com	9698	null	null
cp-reply@clubphoto.com	9699	null	null
cp@onsitetech.com	9699	null	null
sckimmel@lehman.com	9700	null	null
r_bergsieker@hotmail.com	9701	null	null
sgrisham@earthlink.net	9702	null	null
sloulos@utilicorp.com	9703	null	null
mark.schroeder@enron.com	9704	null	null
kcastle@ei.enron.com	9705	null	null
veloz.corina@enron.com	9706	null	null
christian.rahaim@enron.com	9707	null	null
jane.mcbride@enron.com	9708	null	null
dhill@bspmlaw.com	9709	null	null
dhill@wrf.com	9709	null	null
pav@aelaw.com	9710	null	null
pav@kainon.com	9710	null	null
teri.goodrich@seiworldwide.com	9711	null	null
steve.jackson@enron.com	9712	null	null
jsmatthe@sprintparanet.com	9713	null	null
mayers.clark@enron.com	9714	null	null
david.ryan@enron.com	9715	null	null
jmont@rice.edu	9716	null	null
clickrewards.6gv-dw2l.t@news.clickrewards.com	9717	null	null
kholst@enron.com	9718	null	null
kholst@ect.enron.com	9718	null	null
jr.martinez@enron.com	9719	null	null
scott.pack@enron.com	9720	null	null
auto_service@auto.eloan.com	9721	null	null
carla.nguyen@enron.com	9722	null	null
enronsigshop@calltsc.com	9723	null	null
butch@watsonmoving.com	9724	null	null
grandtarghee@grandtarghee.com	9725	null	null
heather.l.mueck@us.andersen.com	9726	null	null
mahesh.lakhani@enron.com	9727	null	null
massong@epenergy.com	9728	null	null
dlamb@brobeck.com	9729	null	null
dfolger@idacorpenergy.com	9730	null	null
donald.montgomery@enron.com	9731	null	null
llhenneberry@ssd.com	9732	null	null
darrell.orban@enron.com	9733	null	null
mike.stewart@enron.com	9734	null	null
ann.korioth@enron.com	9735	null	null
mhurd@shb.com	9736	null	null
rob.stewart@enron.com	9737	null	null
marlo.james@enron.com	9738	null	null
marlo@eba-net.org	9738	null	null
alfonso@enron.com	9739	null	null
wootk224@bus.orst.edu	9740	null	null
teri.majer@corp.enbridge.com	9741	null	null
mbaker@summitenergy.com	9742	null	null
gkarnes@aol.com	9743	null	null
ian.brungs@enron.com	9744	null	null
ken.shulklapper@enron.com	9745	null	null
qdgzkrgjwt@neotraffix.com	9746	null	null
mark.meier@enron.com	9747	null	null
jason.beckstead@enron.com	9748	null	null
john.phillips@clarionenergy.com	9749	null	null
j..phillips@enron.com	9749	null	null
lisa.yoho@enron.com	9750	null	null
yoho@enron.com	9750	null	null
kroswald@avaya.com	9751	null	null
peaker@energy.ca.gov	9752	null	null
rprice@elite.net	9753	null	null
faculty@law.howard.edu	9754	null	null
faculty@haas.berkeley.edu	9754	null	null
global_agenda@lists.economist.com	9755	null	null
system.administrator@enron.com	9756	null	null
nina.tillett@enron.com	9757	null	null
nina_tillett@reliantenergy.com	9757	null	null
tillett@enron.com	9757	null	null
patrick.hansen@enron.com	9758	null	null
rconner@brobeck.com	9759	null	null
sbconlinebilling@sbc.m0.net	9760	null	null
takriti@us.ibm.com	9761	null	null
hector.vega@enron.com	9762	null	null
dleon@bracepatt.com	9763	null	null
mmann@ercot.com	9764	null	null
christina.sherman@enron.com	9765	null	null
notifications.isc@enron.com	9766	null	null
notifications@bcentral.com	9766	null	null
strehl.nick@enron.com	9767	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_035440@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	9768	null	null
sortem@coned.com	9769	null	null
stephanie.gomes@enron.com	9770	null	null
gonzok@juno.com	9771	null	null
niall.keavey@emea.gateway.com	9772	null	null
charlene.fricker@enron.com	9773	null	null
offandrunning@1internetdrive.com	9774	null	null
us.home.owner@mailman.enron.com	9775	null	null
jrnelson@llgm.com	9776	null	null
suresh.guddanti@enron.com	9777	null	null
gaildavid@akllp.com	9778	null	null
huyi3131313@polbox.com	9779	null	null
joe.vazquez@ubspw.com	9780	null	null
'vazquez@enron.com	9780	null	null
cathy.lira@enron.com	9781	null	null
robert.sutter@enron.com	9782	null	null
john.normand@enron.com	9783	null	null
anna.santucci@enron.com	9784	null	null
gregory.edens@enron.com	9785	null	null
seicenteradmin@wharton.upenn.edu	9786	null	null
parviz.adib@puc.state.tx.us	9787	null	null
chelfert@aol.com	9788	null	null
larry.robinson@enron.com	9789	null	null
jsmith@austintx.com	9790	null	null
jsmith@ercot.com	9790	null	null
jsmith@sablaw.com	9790	null	null
jsmith@powellclinch.com	9790	null	null
chris.kiske@arbitron.com	9791	null	null
chris'.'kiske@enron.com	9791	null	null
bob.chandler@enron.com	9792	null	null
mttusbz282e@hotmail.com	9793	null	null
jamil@enron.com	9794	null	null
r-1-56294-3320671-2-10010-us2-d6b0853e@xmr3.com	9795	null	null
jwk@interlog.com	9796	null	null
tlshelton@aep.com	9797	null	null
rcarrado@pwrteam.com	9798	null	null
a..cutrer@enron.com	9799	null	null
christopher.mckey@enron.com	9800	null	null
frantzeskakis@enron.com	9801	null	null
pbryce7661@aol.com	9802	null	null
jbaer@enron.com	9803	null	null
jbaer@maine.rr.com	9803	null	null
1.3601.74-ylccscrsx0ki.1@mailer.realage.com	9804	null	null
curtq@msn.com	9805	null	null
newlyons@aol.com	9806	null	null
shelley_tebbens@dom.com	9807	null	null
mcarson@gtemail.net	9808	null	null
mcarson@enron.com	9808	null	null
denise.lagesse@enron.com	9809	null	null
khuber@hcmwealth.com	9810	null	null
rdr@sloverandloftus.com	9811	null	null
1529@wctopics.djnr.com	9812	null	null
carlos.rodriguez@enron.com	9813	null	null
lyris-confirm-97904730l@mail.southwest.com	9814	null	null
steve.daniels@enron.com	9815	null	null
lee.wright@enron.com	9816	null	null
wincash@play4keeps.com	9817	null	null
lalfaro@gibsondunn.com	9818	null	null
lalfaro@gdclaw.com	9818	null	null
whitel@wellsfargo.com	9819	null	null
jjohanso@bechtel.com	9820	null	null
recruitalumni@haas.berkeley.edu	9821	null	null
sylvia.sauseda@enron.com	9822	null	null
lyngla@earthlink.net	9823	null	null
v4dsw3nd6vb5@msn.com	9824	null	null
21f37ce378a2ec742e5ffa3954742e79b1@tm01.net	9825	null	null
jebert@eadslink.com	9826	null	null
gingerh@wsi-or.com	9827	null	null
cdak@earthlink.com	9828	null	null
cdak@earthlink.net	9828	null	null
linda.miller@enron.com	9829	null	null
roy.scherff@enron.com	9830	null	null
morgan_davies@fpl.com	9831	null	null
d..morgan@enron.com	9831	null	null
haysletr@prodigy.net	9832	null	null
haysletr@flash.net	9832	null	null
haysletr@txucom.net	9832	null	null
ben1790@cs.com	9833	null	null
jmboard@qwest.net	9834	null	null
kimberly.soulant@wcom.com	9835	null	null
nettewick@yahoo.com	9836	null	null
6.319.04-ksw0plym6pf6dybosfvjsakttpa9scdr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	9837	null	null
mggagliardi@duke-energy.com	9838	null	null
scherzinger@fuel-energy.net	9839	null	null
ronnie.shields@enron.com	9840	null	null
villas@haas.berkeley.edu	9841	null	null
dynegy-peoplevdynegy@pillsburylaw.com	9842	null	null
park.bonnie@enron.com	9843	null	null
tbelden@nwlink.com	9844	null	null
tbelden@ect.enron.com	9844	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.102@post.intellimedia.com	9845	null	null
mikeb@baselice.com	9846	null	null
bhawkin@enron.com	9847	null	null
seckas@cwt.com	9848	null	null
galosimj@bp.com	9849	null	null
dl-ga-all_netco@enron.com	9850	null	null
shuttej@epenergy.com	9851	null	null
sdkrurmgjb@hotmail.com	9852	null	null
tmullooly@foleylaw.com	9853	null	null
mohannes@bellsouth.net	9854	null	null
wilson.barbee@enron.com	9855	null	null
jsullivan@fulbright.com	9856	null	null
david_kinder@kindermorgan.com	9857	null	null
'lipper@enron.com	9858	null	null
scott.griffin@enron.com	9859	null	null
darcox@teksystems.com	9860	null	null
richard.robinson@enron.com	9861	null	null
kkeis96503@yahoo.com	9862	null	null
mrcherry@duke-energy.com	9863	null	null
lisa.cox@halliburton.com	9864	null	null
numbhand@yahoo.com	9865	null	null
texans@newsletter.houstontexans.com	9866	null	null
eric.holzer@enron.com	9867	null	null
darren.cavanaugh@enron.com	9868	null	null
tcameron@petro-canada.ca	9869	null	null
jmccauley@shasta.phys.uh.edu	9870	null	null
jmccauley@uh.edu	9870	null	null
luvarson@aol.com	9871	null	null
bcarte9@attglobal.net	9872	null	null
angela.schwarz@enron.com	9873	null	null
mike.bonnstetter@enron.com	9874	null	null
josena@flash.net	9875	null	null
marogers@fuse.net	9876	null	null
marogers@petro-canada.ca	9876	null	null
marogers@fuse.com	9876	null	null
brodie@haas.berkeley.edu	9877	null	null
'ketcherside@enron.com	9878	null	null
b00325@edit.martindale.com	9879	null	null
ron.tapscott@enron.com	9880	null	null
thackett@ensr.com	9881	null	null
denver.plachy@enron.com	9882	null	null
gene2222@msn.com	9883	null	null
saksena@enron.com	9884	null	null
kathy.lynn@enron.com	9885	null	null
michael.murdter@rda.co.santa-clara.ca.us	9886	null	null
jpatter@cruzio.com	9887	null	null
jpatter@creighton.edu	9887	null	null
jjmagovern@aol.com	9888	null	null
new.jun-sept@enron.com	9889	null	null
coolus1@ofshost.com	9890	null	null
swillbanks@communityserviceinc.com	9891	null	null
s.kent.williams@williams.com	9892	null	null
vwbjjubrg3@hotmail.com	9893	null	null
lsharis@msn.com	9894	null	null
stone.charlie@enron.com	9895	null	null
stone@eatonandcottrell.com	9895	null	null
keith.admire@enron.com	9896	null	null
executive.assistants@enron.com	9897	null	null
schwarfa@bp.com	9898	null	null
jadams@ercot.com	9899	null	null
jadams@jdfcure.org	9899	null	null
joew@transicoil.com	9900	null	null
rohelm@zaconta.com	9901	null	null
networkcommerce-rcdm20020108@ombramarketing.com	9902	null	null
dominator128@hotmail.com	9903	null	null
rmichaels@exchange.fullerton.edu	9904	null	null
rmichaels@fullerton.edu	9904	null	null
jhh1@email.msn.com	9905	null	null
msipe@conninc.com	9906	null	null
carolyn.evans@enron.com	9907	null	null
iuaaweb@indiana.edu	9908	null	null
edu_ergas@yahoo.com	9909	null	null
rmiles@bracepatt.com	9910	null	null
anthony.butler@enron.com	9911	null	null
ssmith@ie.tamu.edu	9912	null	null
ssmith@uwtgc.org	9912	null	null
james.houston@compaq.com	9913	null	null
jeff.golden@enron.com	9914	null	null
kcheng@sapient.com	9915	null	null
kcheng@jahouston.org	9915	null	null
felicia.beal@enron.com	9916	null	null
lonniejacobs@fiberia.com	9917	null	null
jarrybus@yahoo.com	9918	null	null
newyork1@uole.com	9919	null	null
meadows@enron.com	9920	null	null
ksplatter@aol.com	9921	null	null
ksplatter@tconl.net	9921	null	null
thomkb@gte.net	9922	null	null
mekoq@aol.com	9923	null	null
kerry.roper@enron.com	9924	null	null
kaye.davenport@enron.com	9925	null	null
mktopsgrp@caiso.com	9926	null	null
davids5@arabia.com	9927	null	null
gbmaverick@yahoo.com	9928	null	null
aliban01@uol.com.co	9929	null	null
judy.dyer@enron.com	9930	null	null
multi5@wscc.com	9931	null	null
jeanie.robins@enron.com	9932	null	null
william.abler@enron.com	9933	null	null
wgphou.customernotices@williams.com	9934	null	null
eberle@bullwinkle.jsc.nasa.gov	9935	null	null
ewles.richard@enron.com	9936	null	null
ziggy@enron.com	9937	null	null
elduque@austin.rr.com	9938	null	null
gtravers@deloitte.com	9939	null	null
uironworks@msn.com	9940	null	null
uironworks@email.msn.com	9940	null	null
edis-by-email.service@incident.com	9941	null	null
edis-by-email@incident.com	9941	null	null
email.service@schwab.com	9941	null	null
e-service@sohu.com	9941	null	null
enr2000@swbell.net	9942	null	null
gnstillwagon@tid.org	9943	null	null
walterpye@msn.com	9944	null	null
walterpye@email.msn.com	9944	null	null
424371.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	9945	null	null
insynconline.6ry55wnx.d@insync-palm.com	9946	null	null
pgun100@yahoo.com	9947	null	null
illynana@yahoo.com	9948	null	null
james.gillespie@robertwalters.com	9949	null	null
list.dl-warriors@enron.com	9950	null	null
alynda_wheat@fortunemail.com	9951	null	null
cstremmel@ggfcmk.com	9952	null	null
gary.nelson@enron.com	9953	null	null
gpg.dss@enron.com	9954	null	null
john.special@newdominion.net	9955	null	null
law.andy@enron.com	9956	null	null
v.rao@enron.com	9957	null	null
rwadamek@juno.com	9958	null	null
ajchambe@llgm.com	9959	null	null
iller@advlaser.com	9960	null	null
onepass_012501@airmail.continental.com	9961	null	null
keith.braswell@enron.com	9962	null	null
c.jozwiak@enron.com	9963	null	null
abremner@ipams.org	9964	null	null
jm-customer-info@risc1.pjm.com	9965	null	null
plove570@cs.com	9966	null	null
rhans@kslaw.com	9967	null	null
mentan-enron.ron@enron.com	9968	null	null
john.coyle@enron.com	9969	null	null
coyle@haas.berkeley.edu	9969	null	null
john.coyle@diamondcluster.com	9969	null	null
awaskow@exchange.ml.com	9970	null	null
cteaman@alleghenyenergy.com	9971	null	null
cvaroquiers@yahoo.com	9972	null	null
janbrooker@dwt.com	9973	null	null
paige.grumulaitis@enron.com	9974	null	null
ameriquest@opt-in.coopt.com	9975	null	null
katz.aaron@corp.sysco.com	9976	null	null
eba-3@aga.org	9977	null	null
1.10969419.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	9978	null	null
1.10969419.-18@multexinvestornetwork.com	9978	null	null
1.10969419.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	9978	null	null
johnathan_dazey@gensler.com	9979	null	null
ralph.renner@enron.com	9980	null	null
ameritrade_033587@ameritrade.customer-email.com	9981	null	null
selias@sourcet.com	9982	null	null
cynthia.morrow@enron.com	9983	null	null
wexler@pdq.net	9984	null	null
lisa.herman@citicorp.com	9985	null	null
marlene.clifford@enron.com	9986	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.4010@lists.smartmoney.com	9987	null	null
pjmcustomerrelationsandtraining@pjm.com	9988	null	null
emil.moroz@enron.com	9989	null	null
mrobert@enron.com	9990	null	null
lhenderson@sapient.com	9991	null	null
tcarrico@spilmanlaw.com	9992	null	null
bryan6110@email.msn.com	9993	null	null
bryan6110@msn.com	9993	null	null
mary.c.becker@deluxe.com	9994	null	null
cfred@pkns.com	9995	null	null
r-9-56294-4033990-2-3185-us2-55a51a52@xmr3.com	9996	null	null
networkcommerce-rcpm20011229@ombramarketing.com	9997	null	null
dcruse@spencerstuart.com	9998	null	null
kristen.hand@enron.com	9999	null	null
lee.delong@travelpark.com	10000	null	null
ww@williamweston.co.uk	10001	null	null
kewh@dynegy.com	10002	null	null
john.echols@enron.com	10003	null	null
sap.hotline@enron.com	10004	null	null
bryce@morrownet.net	10005	null	null
bryce@juno.com	10005	null	null
kjsnook4@aol.com	10006	null	null
jdixon@calpine.com	10007	null	null
larry.f.campbell@enron.com	10008	null	null
larry_f_campbell@enron.com	10008	null	null
tangela.jefferson@enron.com	10009	null	null
mharty@lib.siu.edu	10010	null	null
k26859@anet.ne.jp	10011	null	null
mbarr@hunton.com	10012	null	null
om.bhatia@enron.com	10013	null	null
kathleen.mcpherson@enron.com	10014	null	null
ksgnf@263.net	10015	null	null
joseph.short@enron.com	10016	null	null
oadpeaktza@enet.it	10017	null	null
norman_stout@inter-tel.com	10018	null	null
lauren.urquhart@enron.com	10019	null	null
carter.bob@enron.com	10020	null	null
bob.carter@penreco.com	10020	null	null
bob.carter@enron.com	10020	null	null
slundquist@aoshouston.org	10021	null	null
services.usclient@enron.com	10022	null	null
kimberly.scardino@enron.com	10023	null	null
pgillman@schiffhardin.com	10024	null	null
e24329@naseej.com	10025	null	null
andrejohanson@loadmail.com	10026	null	null
cdnow_specials.6hyh69k3.r@my.cdnow.com	10027	null	null
jeffn@subutil.com	10028	null	null
mflewellyn@columbiaenergygroup.com	10029	null	null
edward.sacks@enron.com	10030	null	null
lindsey.hunt@enron.com	10031	null	null
'82.david@enron.com	10032	null	null
christopher.cocks@enron.com	10033	null	null
lisa.iannotti@enron.com	10034	null	null
rachel.quirke@enron.com	10035	null	null
ahopp@mercator.com	10036	null	null
scurtner@bracepatt.com	10037	null	null
wreynolds@reynco.com	10038	null	null
ahouston@xenergy.com	10039	null	null
dairy568@yahoo.com	10040	null	null
mahendra.shah@enron.com	10041	null	null
ena.relations@enron.com	10042	null	null
brian.westlake@blakes.com	10043	null	null
sonny.sachdeva@williams.com	10044	null	null
jenniferbeechner@yahoo.com	10045	null	null
denise.bradley@enron.com	10046	null	null
cashflowebusiness@aol.com	10047	null	null
teachwest@houston.rr.com	10048	null	null
lauri.marttila@nordea.com	10049	null	null
.eber@enron.com	10050	null	null
kathy.mcmahon@enron.com	10051	null	null
david.tregar@enron.com	10052	null	null
christensenl@dteenergy.com	10053	null	null
jbloom@whitecase.com	10054	null	null
myciti-www.myciti.com_022709@citiservices.customer-email.com	10055	null	null
mfbenton@duke-energy.com	10056	null	null
gboldig@aol.com	10057	null	null
mlynarz@haas.berkeley.edu	10058	null	null
steuart_henry@jpmorgan.com	10059	null	null
kathy.way@rrc.state.tx.us	10060	null	null
kathy.ringblom@enron.com	10061	null	null
lana.moore@nesanet.org	10062	null	null
alexminh@aol.com	10063	null	null
executive.list@enron.com	10064	null	null
tara.rozen@enron.com	10065	null	null
jackie.griffith@enron.com	10066	null	null
smithassociates@home.com	10067	null	null
isabel.resendez@enron.com	10068	null	null
krlsmom@hotmail.com	10069	null	null
rodney.barnes@enron.com	10070	null	null
gcampoli@nyiso.com	10071	null	null
rodney.reagor@enron.com	10072	null	null
jbk9fsqs56@yahoo.co.uk	10073	null	null
michael.levy@enron.com	10074	null	null
levy@enron.com	10074	null	null
ddorland@smednet.com	10075	null	null
gappy@stanford.edu	10076	null	null
craig.sutter@enron.com	10077	null	null
mmaggi@notes.enron.com	10078	null	null
mmaggi@enron.com	10078	null	null
bert.stipelcovich@enron.com	10079	null	null
key.kasravi@enron.com	10080	null	null
bparish@kslaw.com	10081	null	null
bonnie.shumaker@enron.com	10082	null	null
shelly.pierce@enron.com	10083	null	null
taylor1@texaco.com	10084	null	null
epson_welcome@store.epson.com	10085	null	null
welcome@info.bmgmusicservice.com	10085	null	null
welcome@mp3.com	10085	null	null
welcome@newman.oscar.aol.com	10085	null	null
larry.lawyer@enron.com	10086	null	null
fiserm@hallevans.com	10087	null	null
brant.reves@enron.com	10088	null	null
mildred.dworsky@enron.com	10089	null	null
l..treadwell@enron.com	10090	null	null
frankg@nepco.com	10091	null	null
ann_rubin@enron.com	10092	null	null
ann_rubin@sonyusa.com	10092	null	null
melinda.mccarty@enron.com	10093	null	null
bounce-abcnews-l-59892@list1.starwave.com	10094	null	null
abcnews-l@list1.starwave.com	10094	null	null
abcnews-l@alist0.starwave.com	10094	null	null
relvir@simon.intertel.hn	10095	null	null
happyhudsons@juno.com	10096	null	null
rec-scada@enron.com	10097	null	null
rec@tac-club.org	10097	null	null
ahkalbacher@njresources.com	10098	null	null
jhyatt@email.msn.com	10099	null	null
jhyatt@msn.com	10099	null	null
jhyatt"@enron.com	10099	null	null
bblair@thompsoncoburn.com	10100	null	null
gjaxson@swbell.net	10101	null	null
jeff.young@paconsulting.com	10102	null	null
michael.kolman@enron.com	10103	null	null
bradb@calpine.com	10104	null	null
bzikes@enron.com	10105	null	null
tbrother@utilicorp.com	10106	null	null
candice.kao@enron.com	10107	null	null
dschumeister@shearman.com	10108	null	null
marilynr@northv.com	10109	null	null
gferguse@brobeck.com	10110	null	null
mavis275@amiga-news.de	10111	null	null
vidalce@hotmail.com	10112	null	null
thylden@bepc.com	10113	null	null
travism@wt.net	10114	null	null
linux@bdcimail.com	10115	null	null
jason.fischer@enron.com	10116	null	null
wndjmr@flash.net	10117	null	null
scott.t.crowell@us.cgeyc.com	10118	null	null
myspecials2@newsletters.dallasnews.com	10119	null	null
ragoldberg@swidlaw.com	10120	null	null
bpaddock@ghcf.org	10121	null	null
enw-employees_houston@enron.com	10122	null	null
enw-employees.houston@enron.com	10122	null	null
enw-employees@enron.com	10122	null	null
bridget.canty@mailcity.com	10123	null	null
bruce.tuttle@enron.com	10124	null	null
roger.ondreko@enron.com	10125	null	null
sborys@igt.org	10126	null	null
vince.crescenzi@gfinet.com	10127	null	null
winer@haas.berkeley.edu	10128	null	null
matthew.radford@enron.com	10129	null	null
david.glessner@enron.com	10130	null	null
poli.shachov@compaq.com	10131	null	null
jpeck@sempra.com	10132	null	null
susan.helton@enron.com	10133	null	null
infor@amexoffers.com	10134	null	null
edata@pjm.com	10135	null	null
john.underwood@avistacorp.com	10136	null	null
keith.warner@enron.com	10137	null	null
owner-coastal@lists.openworld.co.uk	10138	null	null
peter.phillips@axa-re.com	10139	null	null
joseph.barwatt@neg.pge.com	10140	null	null
moni@enron.com	10141	null	null
dzinn@werple.net.au	10142	null	null
kelly.ellis@enron.com	10143	null	null
lgrow@idahopower.com	10144	null	null
mlarsen@duke-energy.com	10145	null	null
mwardell@roseville.ca.us	10146	null	null
dario_bravo@tgs.com.ar	10147	null	null
mhb@blakes.ca	10148	null	null
mhb@blakes.com	10148	null	null
lblack@validmgt.com	10149	null	null
rickshapiro@hotmail.com	10150	null	null
garth.ripton@enron.com	10151	null	null
r..guillen@enron.com	10152	null	null
harib.h.alkitani@olng.simis.com	10153	null	null
r-4-724539-3371579-2-223-us2-907bed58@xmr3.com	10154	null	null
r-2-724539-3371579-2-224-us2-bcbbe343@xmr3.com	10154	null	null
r-2-734755-3760616-2-171-us2-5f844eda@xmr3.com	10154	null	null
r-2-56294-3320671-2-1645-us2-749f18dc@xmr3.com	10154	null	null
r-2-56294-4156775-2-3154-us2-83ec27d3@xmr3.com	10154	null	null
kmagruder@newpower.com	10155	null	null
sunil.abraham@enron.com	10156	null	null
presched2@power.bpa.gov	10157	null	null
nigel.patterson@db.com	10158	null	null
team.andrews@enron.com	10159	null	null
paine.survey@enron.com	10160	null	null
bradf@inqueststaffing.com	10161	null	null
doug.stevens@enron.com	10162	null	null
al.pollard@newpower.com	10163	null	null
al.pollard@enron.com	10163	null	null
bcollins@nymex.com	10164	null	null
ckappaz@mac.com	10165	null	null
scrumbling@houstonballet.org	10166	null	null
renecsr@houston.rr.com	10167	null	null
brett.p.treadwell@us.arthurandersen.com	10168	null	null
william.sullivan@ubsw.com	10169	null	null
loretta.brelsford@enron.com	10170	null	null
jmcfarland@worldnet.att.net	10171	null	null
sidhya.jayakumar@enron.com	10172	null	null
julie.johnson@enron.com	10173	null	null
daniel.mcdonagh@chase.com	10174	null	null
hawe@haas.berkeley.edu	10175	null	null
tatiana.v.waxler@us.andersen.com	10176	null	null
tatiana.waxler@enron.com	10176	null	null
steve.vavrik@enron.com	10177	null	null
newexpectations@lists.em5000.com	10178	null	null
blalock.steve@enron.com	10179	null	null
tshumway@orinc.com	10180	null	null
larry_l_lau@calpx.com	10181	null	null
nicola.sanders@enron.com	10182	null	null
rgolan@spectrumhealth.com	10183	null	null
ees.fax@enron.com	10184	null	null
krolling@midcogen.com	10185	null	null
gabriella.goekjian@oecd.org	10186	null	null
julie.dematteo@ubsw.com	10187	null	null
sjubien@eob.ca.gov	10188	null	null
susan.trevino@enron.com	10189	null	null
mmack@ameramex.com	10190	null	null
rosmond@hnw.com	10191	null	null
iparker@freshfields.com	10192	null	null
brice@restructuringtoday.com	10193	null	null
rtom@govadv.com	10194	null	null
billross1@myexcel.com	10195	null	null
sandy.hoelscher@enron.com	10196	null	null
rockwoodenergy@aol.com	10197	null	null
bwashbur@mail.state.mo.us	10198	null	null
don.lassere@enron.com	10199	null	null
cliles@trigon-sheehan.com	10200	null	null
kulrich@intergen.com	10201	null	null
medleyb@gtlaw.com	10202	null	null
owner-ba248d-1@haas.berkeley.edu	10203	null	null
ba248d-1@haas.berkeley.edu	10203	null	null
betsy.mcquaid@ucop.edu	10204	null	null
jerven.zhang@enron.com	10205	null	null
4uc5@msn.com	10206	null	null
soleary31@hotmail.com	10207	null	null
dhaefner@murphyoilcorp.com	10208	null	null
greg1295@osubeavers.com	10209	null	null
pwrighta@hotmail.com	10210	null	null
brian.falik@enron.com	10211	null	null
jaydonahue@globalofficelink.com	10212	null	null
larrissa.sharma@enron.com	10213	null	null
w..bennett@enron.com	10214	null	null
chris.sloan@enron.com	10215	null	null
8rbg1tdd@msn.com	10216	null	null
dje1@pge.com	10217	null	null
michael.munn@rutherfordconsulting.com	10218	null	null
wylaya@cs.com	10219	null	null
clark.mower@enron.com	10220	null	null
kristann.shireman@enron.com	10221	null	null
slmckain@aep.com	10222	null	null
beth_garza@fpl.com	10223	null	null
rayfaelroman1@jsc.nasa.gov	10224	null	null
sandeep.katwala@enron.com	10225	null	null
mevans@bracepatt.com	10226	null	null
i13590@mail-online.dk	10227	null	null
i13590@bluemail.dk	10227	null	null
michael.lackey@enron.com	10228	null	null
jeffseely_008787@netstock.customer-email.com	10229	null	null
frankeed@hotmail.com	10230	null	null
payroll.message@enron.com	10231	null	null
culturefinder-www@listserv.aol.com	10232	null	null
culturefinder@culturefinder.pmail.biz	10232	null	null
cbishop@utilicorp.com	10233	null	null
erwin.landivar@enron.com	10234	null	null
sarah.gregory@enron.com	10235	null	null
michael.eiben@enron.com	10236	null	null
slfqnbwpia@france-mail.com	10237	null	null
slfqnbwpia@126.com	10237	null	null
slfqnbwpia@mailasia.com	10237	null	null
pvc_travel@opt02.edirectnetwork.net	10238	null	null
joe_lardy@cargill.com	10239	null	null
cindy.richardson@enron.com	10240	null	null
acrump@dc.com	10241	null	null
asymes@gladstone.uoregon.edu	10242	null	null
toadtr@earthlink.net	10243	null	null
dpfeifer@akili.com	10244	null	null
brenda.ect@enron.com	10245	null	null
anthony.communications@enron.com	10246	null	null
venona.greaff@gt.pge.com	10247	null	null
eromero@hou.projectconsulting.com	10248	null	null
brent.bailey@enron.com	10249	null	null
lisa.csikos@enron.com	10250	null	null
alantomme@upr.com	10251	null	null
woodyj@mail.rfweston.com	10252	null	null
christine.drummond@enron.com	10253	null	null
victor.santos@enron.com	10254	null	null
youngg@airmail.net	10255	null	null
herbert.perez@bankofamerica.com	10256	null	null
multi8@wscc.com	10257	null	null
zwharton@dawray.com	10258	null	null
anne.burch@currenex.com	10259	null	null
steve.sauer@enron.com	10260	null	null
doug.schuler@enron.com	10261	null	null
tony.kishindo@dewolffboberg.com	10262	null	null
jrboose@stoel.com	10263	null	null
wfhall2@duke-energy.com	10264	null	null
carolemerr@aol.com	10265	null	null
ebraden@houston.rr.com	10266	null	null
pam.leigh@southernunionco.com	10267	null	null
paul.cherry@enron.com	10268	null	null
sheinha@aol.com	10269	null	null
pmayor@owlnet.rice.edu	10270	null	null
slandweh@enron.com	10271	null	null
ann.diaz@csfb.com	10272	null	null
matson.paige@enron.com	10273	null	null
efcu@enron.com	10274	null	null
lindol2@worldnet.att.net	10275	null	null
cell_reception_booster@2die4.com	10276	null	null
gary.spraggins@enron.com	10277	null	null
sabina@email.msn.com	10278	null	null
sabina@msn.com	10278	null	null
macmilli@wharton.upenn.edu	10279	null	null
sswann@aga.org	10280	null	null
vera.apodaca@enron.com	10281	null	null
boltonstacey@hotmail.com	10282	null	null
scott_bateman@qbsol.com	10283	null	null
jacobyk@yahoo.com	10284	null	null
brown.scott@epenergy.com	10285	null	null
linda.roberts@enron.com	10286	null	null
linda.roberts@glo.state.tx.us	10286	null	null
msngamingzone_028398@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	10287	null	null
brinconsult@aol.com	10288	null	null
coordinator@medhelp.org	10289	null	null
mark.krenzer@sci-us.com	10290	null	null
krenzer@enron.com	10290	null	null
2.3880.5a-4q-aslqdidzr.1@cda01.cdnow.com	10291	null	null
diana.andel@enron.com	10292	null	null
andel_d@yahoo.ca	10292	null	null
judith.schlesinger@enron.com	10293	null	null
pbarna@exchange.ml.com	10294	null	null
pbarna@ml.exchange.com	10294	null	null
russ.porter@enron.com	10295	null	null
daniel.lyons@enron.com	10296	null	null
svann2@enron.com	10297	null	null
vaninsky@yahoo.com	10298	null	null
tlander210@aol.com	10299	null	null
betty.hanchey@enron.com	10300	null	null
hollymitchell@dwt.com	10301	null	null
jimmy.glotfelty@hq.doe.gov	10302	null	null
drogers@intergen.com	10303	null	null
rmalley@iconconsultants.com	10304	null	null
tuso.gina@enron.com	10305	null	null
phil.lowry@enron.com	10306	null	null
lowry@enron.com	10306	null	null
42rlh6610@msn.com	10307	null	null
larryd@delpapabud.com	10308	null	null
csm@haas.berkeley.edu	10309	null	null
rmonk@mayerbrown.com	10310	null	null
julian.kemp@enron.com	10311	null	null
alanj@hiway.spring.isd.tenet.edu	10312	null	null
tim.deanna@enron.com	10313	null	null
calgary.reception@enron.com	10314	null	null
europe.dl-lon@enron.com	10315	null	null
scott.grier@enron.com	10316	null	null
brian.kelly@sen.ca.gov	10317	null	null
douglas.moreno@enron.com	10318	null	null
mlifgr@wexford.com	10319	null	null
aleka_scott@pngc.com	10320	null	null
scott.aleka@enron.com	10320	null	null
sabaabc@yahoo.com	10321	null	null
rastin@velaw.com	10322	null	null
rastin@enron.com	10322	null	null
wsellay@rc.com	10323	null	null
relations.enron@enron.com	10324	null	null
corrieb@ix.netcom.com	10325	null	null
jim.sandt@enron.com	10326	null	null
dcornwell@kpmg.com	10327	null	null
dave.gorte@enron.com	10328	null	null
ken.gardner@powerpool.ab.ca	10329	null	null
jiewen.li@enron.com	10330	null	null
melinda.nelson@bus.utexas.edu	10331	null	null
marla.thompson@enron.com	10332	null	null
jerald.surface@enron.com	10333	null	null
circline@processrequest.com	10334	null	null
will.abraham@gnubi.com	10335	null	null
nadia@elektro.com.br	10336	null	null
nadia@houston.rr.com	10336	null	null
joanne.sheriff@elpaso.com	10337	null	null
chr77h3@msn.com	10338	null	null
carol.st.clair@enron.com	10339	null	null
carol.st.@enron.com	10339	null	null
serec@tozzini.com.br	10340	null	null
slfr@chevrontexaco.com	10341	null	null
joseph.grajewski@enron.com	10342	null	null
bcooper@aopl.org	10343	null	null
tarrbaby3@ems.guj.de	10344	null	null
larocque.corinne@enron.com	10345	null	null
tracy.cooper@enron.com	10346	null	null
tracy_cooper@enron.net	10346	null	null
robin.roger@msdw.com	10347	null	null
lwitt@netbotz.com	10348	null	null
msingh@library.berkeley.edu	10349	null	null
ect.chairman@enron.com	10350	null	null
emainzer@attbi.com	10351	null	null
kenneth.harmon@enron.com	10352	null	null
chris.glaas@enron.com	10353	null	null
1.11307318.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	10354	null	null
john.taylor@enron.com	10355	null	null
shawncumberland@imcingular.com	10356	null	null
eduardo.sera@enron.com	10357	null	null
sellers.cameron@enron.com	10358	null	null
sufly@msn.com	10359	null	null
mlsc@dynegy.com	10360	null	null
donna.scott@enron.com	10361	null	null
spartcatyh@yahoo.com	10362	null	null
d.carlson@mail.house.gov	10363	null	null
jeff8w1@hotmail.com	10364	null	null
jsabine@ect.enron.com	10365	null	null
luis.derrota@enron.com	10366	null	null
portfoliomailer@smtp.quote.com	10367	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_050801@airmail.continental.com	10368	null	null
dao@mv.catalytica-inc.com	10369	null	null
bestrate@morgage4you.com	10370	null	null
bmoreno@powl.com	10371	null	null
bmcc@mccarthylow.com	10372	null	null
bmcc@mccarthylaw.com	10372	null	null
dduffy@blueskyintegration.com	10373	null	null
rguttroff@amanet.org	10374	null	null
raquel.guzman@pgworks.com	10375	null	null
tim.battaglia@enron.com	10376	null	null
dee.svatos@enron.com	10377	null	null
dhuctwith@blgcanada.com	10378	null	null
bnewson@duke-energy.com	10379	null	null
imisconi@yahoo.com	10380	null	null
beau@rrhinvestments.com	10381	null	null
beau@layfam.com	10381	null	null
desiparty@mediawest.com	10382	null	null
vcook@comsys.com	10383	null	null
lofeco@ev1.net	10384	null	null
lofeco@eul.net	10384	null	null
nsmathers@energymarketsolutions.com	10385	null	null
entertainment_buy.com@enews.buy.com	10386	null	null
buy.com@enews.buy.com	10386	null	null
abilla@haas.berkeley.edu	10387	null	null
larry.bautista@elpaso.com	10388	null	null
halsey@nimo.com	10389	null	null
jim_pearson@keyspancanada.com	10390	null	null
custcare@palm.com	10391	null	null
custcare@production.palm.net	10391	null	null
custcare@palm.net	10391	null	null
michael.mcdonald@enron.com	10392	null	null
sue.dolan@xemkt.com	10393	null	null
maleeha.samar@enron.com	10394	null	null
peggy_fowler@pgn.com	10395	null	null
peggy.fowler@enron.com	10395	null	null
phelps.anderson@enron.com	10396	null	null
chriskrecek@akllp.com	10397	null	null
okpala.maria@epamail.epa.gov	10398	null	null
membership@crossdaily.com	10399	null	null
membership@ofoto.com	10399	null	null
membership@aimr.org	10399	null	null
membership@iod.com	10399	null	null
tonya.thomas@enron.com	10400	null	null
tonya@tonya.cc	10400	null	null
julian.poole@enron.com	10401	null	null
trena.mcfarland@enron.com	10402	null	null
eharris@insightpartners.com	10403	null	null
pagan5788@yahoo.com	10404	null	null
eric.faucheaux@enron.com	10405	null	null
michelle.wells@enron.com	10406	null	null
tammy.jaquet@enron.com	10407	null	null
gavin_reichman@aimfunds.com	10408	null	null
doug.pedigo@enron.com	10409	null	null
customerservice.1556092.29223.0@service.williams-sonoma.com	10410	null	null
morning29@alerts.equityalert.com	10411	null	null
retailpilot@ercot.com	10412	null	null
deanna.washington@enron.com	10413	null	null
thaut.ron@ev.state.az.us	10414	null	null
9099632747@airmessage.net	10415	null	null
johnnys@thepeopleplace.com	10416	null	null
mmolland@brobeck.com	10417	null	null
jgallagher@epsa.org	10418	null	null
'lobban@enron.com	10419	null	null
lobban@enron.com	10419	null	null
karen.barbour@enron.com	10420	null	null
scott.mcnealy@eng.sun.com	10421	null	null
scott.mcnealy@engeng.sun.com	10421	null	null
ben.bergfelt@ubspainewebber.com	10422	null	null
ben.bergfelt@painewebber.com	10422	null	null
posta_mailer.1-8915100-8870813-rx1o0hmy@tumble2.datek.com	10423	null	null
eng.ervin@enron.com	10424	null	null
bmurrray@pwrteam.com	10425	null	null
enronoptions.mailing@enron.com	10426	null	null
w..lewis@enron.com	10427	null	null
coachnate@aol.com	10428	null	null
tbanks@cbre.com	10429	null	null
mdenney@nortelnetworks.com	10430	null	null
newyork@listserv.aol.com	10431	null	null
justin.timothy@ect.enron.com	10432	null	null
justin.timothy@enron.com	10432	null	null
mrp@dwgp.com	10433	null	null
twaggoner@ercot.com	10434	null	null
amanda.curless@enron.com	10435	null	null
liane_kucher@platts.com	10436	null	null
liane_kucher@mcgraw-hill.com	10436	null	null
kfiglioli@novocorp.com	10437	null	null
hector.ruiz@enron.com	10438	null	null
plagt@portugalmail.com	10439	null	null
charding@csw.com	10440	null	null
sprice@tnpe.com	10441	null	null
addvancepq@aol.com	10442	null	null
amc_97@yahoo.com	10443	null	null
amc@incentre.net	10443	null	null
a196@mail.md	10444	null	null
steve.cherry@enron.com	10445	null	null
astrand1@excite.com	10446	null	null
charris2@ei.enron.com	10447	null	null
billmcilwain@yahoo.com	10448	null	null
robert_wheeler@dell.com	10449	null	null
newport-news.com@mailman.enron.com	10450	null	null
osman'.'sezgen@enron.com	10451	null	null
sezgen@enron.com	10451	null	null
osman.sezgen@enron.com	10451	null	null
tina.patton@pss.boeing.com	10452	null	null
william.l.greenizan@dynegy.com	10453	null	null
dplflan@aol.com	10454	null	null
margie.mcbath@enron.com	10455	null	null
john.greg@enron.com	10456	null	null
ouglass".'"dan@enron.com	10457	null	null
joeseph.parks@enron.com	10458	null	null
temd@opt-in.coopt.com	10459	null	null
mable.tang@enron.com	10460	null	null
pfrison@houstontech.org	10461	null	null
oasissupport@entergy.com	10462	null	null
robert.bonin@enron.com	10463	null	null
richard.miles@ferc.fed.us	10464	null	null
jpolly@sfaf.org	10465	null	null
gpeters@epsa.org	10466	null	null
deanfamily@pdq.net	10467	null	null
amarjitmult@hotmail.com	10468	null	null
cmjaburns@aol.com	10469	null	null
bchen@newenergy.com	10470	null	null
cgreer@tnpe.com	10471	null	null
c24957@ok.ru	10472	null	null
feitj@psc.state.wi.us	10473	null	null
thailu@ercot.com	10474	null	null
thailu@testmail.ercot.com	10474	null	null
ci@dandyoffers.roi1.net	10475	null	null
bob_beauchamp@bmc.com	10476	null	null
lgvbuzr10@msn.com	10477	null	null
bwerner@energy.twc.com	10478	null	null
john.bone@enron.com	10479	null	null
dkg@enernetok.com	10480	null	null
beta_041001@airmail.continental.com	10481	null	null
grace.trent@compaq.com	10482	null	null
grace.trent@enron.com	10482	null	null
fmdutton@aep.com	10483	null	null
ca_hutchins@gmx.net	10484	null	null
anna.fox@enron.com	10485	null	null
a..fox@enron.com	10485	null	null
anna.gardiner@enron.com	10486	null	null
childers.chuck@enron.com	10487	null	null
offiweb@yahoo.com	10488	null	null
michaeln@austin.rr.com	10489	null	null
michaeln@astrosconnection.com	10489	null	null
brockmcmillan@mb.sympatico.ca	10490	null	null
alnamani.hani@enron.com	10491	null	null
ivy_kao@iroquois.com	10492	null	null
roscoe@fiberpipe.net	10493	null	null
roscoe@cyberhighway.net	10493	null	null
bottomlineusa@hotmail.com	10494	null	null
jellig@gmu.edu	10495	null	null
bbloom@apx.com	10496	null	null
jpcjpc57@aol.com	10497	null	null
mike.teal@enron.com	10498	null	null
chr@oppenhoff-radler.com	10499	null	null
fernandez@enron.com	10500	null	null
roger.swenson@prodigy.net	10501	null	null
rbw@mrwassoc.com	10502	null	null
ashley.worthing@enron.com	10503	null	null
insiderdi@platts.com	10504	null	null
insiderdi@listserv.platts.com	10504	null	null
insiderdi@resdata.com	10504	null	null
insiderdi@list2.resdata.com	10504	null	null
rnagar@kuokoa.com	10505	null	null
anna.salazar@enron.com	10506	null	null
andrew.schwed@morganstanley.com	10507	null	null
barbara.bennett@ssmb.com	10508	null	null
hjackson@swcbc.net	10509	null	null
hnewton@analytic-solutions.com	10510	null	null
tmarnol@lsu.edu	10511	null	null
secur.michael@enron.com	10512	null	null
subscribers@newsletters.dallasnews.com	10513	null	null
subscribers@mailman.enron.com	10513	null	null
chenson.leathercenter@leathercenter.com	10514	null	null
victor.vega@enron.com	10515	null	null
immer@enron.com	10516	null	null
lists.coolvacations.com@lists.coolvacations.com	10517	null	null
lists@playersonly.com	10517	null	null
lists@corp.law.com	10517	null	null
lists@u2.com	10517	null	null
lists@nbr.org	10517	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_034848@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	10518	null	null
prperrino@earthlink.net	10519	null	null
kimo@tidepool.com	10520	null	null
1800flowers.215430146@s2u2.com	10521	null	null
jackie.hudson@enron.com	10522	null	null
cawi@dynegy.com	10523	null	null
tedwill@mtpower.com	10524	null	null
kimsi@worldmailer.com	10525	null	null
amit.walia@enron.com	10526	null	null
walia@enron.com	10526	null	null
mike.underwood@enron.com	10527	null	null
michael.j.beyer@enron.com	10528	null	null
kirkmunden@juno.com	10529	null	null
mwenndt@frontierast.com	10530	null	null
ajangov@ppco.com	10531	null	null
a..howard@enron.com	10532	null	null
nytasha.sims@dynegy.com	10533	null	null
rcontos@columbiaenergygroup.com	10534	null	null
mjthayer@hotmail.com	10535	null	null
amy.fitzpatrick@enron.com	10536	null	null
fitzpatrick@enron.com	10536	null	null
sally.chen@enron.com	10537	null	null
jason.crawford@enron.com	10538	null	null
trent.a.hebert1@jsc.nasa.gov	10539	null	null
alice.wright@enron.com	10540	null	null
alice.wright@usoncology.com	10540	null	null
alice@enron.com	10540	null	null
masey27@yahoo.com	10541	null	null
markit55@mak.sii.co.jp	10542	null	null
korbeck@rdblaw.com	10543	null	null
tony.o'brien@enron.com	10544	null	null
wally.shaw@blakes.com	10545	null	null
angela.ernest@enron.com	10546	null	null
ektrogers@enron.com	10547	null	null
laine.a.powell@enron.com	10548	null	null
laine.powell@enron.com	10548	null	null
1800flowers.90264496@s2u2.com	10549	null	null
436403.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	10550	null	null
phillippa.daniel@enron.com	10551	null	null
garciat@epenergy.com	10552	null	null
ecplus@maininc.org	10553	null	null
cfishkin@kpmg.com	10554	null	null
johnt@austinventures.com	10555	null	null
section89j@mailman.enron.com	10556	null	null
personality@familywonder.com	10557	null	null
john.massey@enron.com	10558	null	null
david.hayden@elpaso.com	10559	null	null
tony.wolfe@enron.com	10560	null	null
expediafaretracker_033671@expedia.customer-email.com	10561	null	null
paymentz_935@hanmail.net	10562	null	null
lbsedwards@yahoo.com	10563	null	null
kaye.wang@bankofamerica.com	10564	null	null
huliasz@cwnet.com	10565	null	null
ksbaa@indiana.edu	10566	null	null
mischiefandmagic@aol.com	10567	null	null
'mcgilloway@enron.com	10568	null	null
nyb@uni.de	10569	null	null
lbecker@ect.enron.com	10570	null	null
lbecker@cnmc.org	10570	null	null
lbecker@gilbaneco.com	10570	null	null
sarah.reyna@enron.com	10571	null	null
bryan.gregory@enron.com	10572	null	null
rita.nagle@gs.com	10573	null	null
'nagle@enron.com	10573	null	null
whalley@enron.com	10574	null	null
rubena.buerger@enron.com	10575	null	null
ei_editor@platts.com	10576	null	null
ei_editor@ftenergy.com	10576	null	null
rpiper@mail.tuckeralan.com	10577	null	null
dalvan@mediaone.net	10578	null	null
jvuich@pacbell.net	10579	null	null
colleen.repplier@ps.ge.com	10580	null	null
rskim@cmsenergy.com	10581	null	null
gregg.lenart@enron.com	10582	null	null
linsenma@hic.net	10583	null	null
mcmannes@aol.com	10584	null	null
jhkim@sk-enron.com	10585	null	null
rlichtenstein@marathon-com.com	10586	null	null
bradley.eixmann@enron.com	10587	null	null
gsavage@enron.com	10588	null	null
gsavage@reverecopper.com	10588	null	null
kcraine@lawseminars.com	10589	null	null
hariyont@indosat.net.id	10590	null	null
403099.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	10591	null	null
joyce_lim@westlb.com	10592	null	null
paul.pfeffer@bakerbotts.com	10593	null	null
paul_pfeffer@bakerbotts.com	10593	null	null
paul.pfeffer@enron.com	10593	null	null
mbday@gmssr.com	10594	null	null
aaron.slater@enron.com	10595	null	null
daniel.diamond@enron.com	10596	null	null
tcplnews@listsrv.transcanada.com	10597	null	null
wendy.hiatt@enron.com	10598	null	null
scameron@yahoo-inc.com	10599	null	null
david.deveny@bmo.com	10600	null	null
jnewman148@aol.com	10601	null	null
ercotstaff@ercot.com	10602	null	null
brahman@caiso.com	10603	null	null
rabi.de@enron.com	10604	null	null
znvqtsabxz@iobox.fi	10605	null	null
john.lambert@enron.com	10606	null	null
cboyd@localok.com	10607	null	null
billnealmd@hotmail.com	10608	null	null
'szablya@enron.com	10609	null	null
roy_dealy@veritasdgc.com	10610	null	null
aglazner@fmtn.org	10611	null	null
pppcmail@pppc.org	10612	null	null
sgrover@ect.enron.com	10613	null	null
djoraholmen@houston.rr.com	10614	null	null
leehouse211@asia.com	10615	null	null
aborder@earthlink.com	10616	null	null
tricebn@pacbell.net	10617	null	null
michael.mier@enron.com	10618	null	null
robert.laughman@kornferry.com	10619	null	null
expediafaretracker_030945@expedia.customer-email.com	10620	null	null
lisa.bob@enron.com	10621	null	null
philip.davies@enron.com	10622	null	null
ann.raden@elpaso.com	10623	null	null
dfs.international@enron.com	10624	null	null
1cscworkinggroup@ercot.com	10625	null	null
thomas.padrone@gfinet.com	10626	null	null
karen.curran@gsa.gov	10627	null	null
caw@allegrodevelopment.com	10628	null	null
151@8848.net	10629	null	null
151@artic.net	10629	null	null
cindy.starks@enron.com	10630	null	null
gretel.smith@enron.com	10631	null	null
l..kennedy@enron.com	10632	null	null
ryan.siurek@enron.com	10633	null	null
yslinn@bpa.gov	10634	null	null
rmorgan@reliant.com	10635	null	null
rmorgan@morgangroup.com	10635	null	null
sburton@utsa.edu	10636	null	null
jaime.alatorre@enron.com	10637	null	null
vjtt@msn.com	10638	null	null
alex.fuller@enron.com	10639	null	null
darin.schmidt@enron.com	10640	null	null
john.blaylock@enron.com	10641	null	null
genova_diane@jpmorgan.com	10642	null	null
tim.cooper@enron.com	10643	null	null
claire.dunnett@enron.com	10644	null	null
txreport@skippingstone.com	10645	null	null
tlmartin@dellnet.com	10646	null	null
naquin.denis@enron.com	10647	null	null
regan.rorschach@enron.com	10648	null	null
jlbreyer@earthlink.net	10649	null	null
handlbar@fiberpipe.net	10650	null	null
jsee00@hotmail.com	10651	null	null
ermakfdy@aol.com	10652	null	null
lsutommy@hotmail.com	10653	null	null
rviguet@chamberlainlaw.com	10654	null	null
tim.heizenrader@enron.com	10655	null	null
enron.employees@enron.com	10656	null	null
srenken@markwest.com	10657	null	null
chay@reliant.com	10658	null	null
chay@reliantenergy.com	10658	null	null
cdavidow@wilmer.com	10659	null	null
linda_percival@bakerbotts.com	10660	null	null
mark.skilling@mcdermott-mcd.com	10661	null	null
mark.skilling@enron.com	10661	null	null
korman.josh@enron.com	10662	null	null
e..rosenberg@enron.com	10663	null	null
dtran@nyiso.com	10664	null	null
dtran@energy.state.ca.us	10664	null	null
zacostel@sas.upenn.edu	10665	null	null
bacon@enron.com	10666	null	null
jlewis@enron.com	10667	null	null
jlewis@fleet-fbcc.com	10667	null	null
jlewis@puget.com	10667	null	null
cw4we97ucme@hotmail.com	10668	null	null
kathy.dodgen@enron.com	10669	null	null
kevin.labban@accenture.com	10670	null	null
rdziurzy@aigi.com	10671	null	null
saschaunaman@yahoo.com	10672	null	null
robert.johansen@enron.com	10673	null	null
g5htdjbdrfu@hotmail.com	10674	null	null
jzurita@enron.com	10675	null	null
tony.apps@enron.com	10676	null	null
yvonne.francois@enron.com	10677	null	null
vnguyen@greenash.com	10678	null	null
marincanto@starnet.it	10679	null	null
dcnesbitt@home.com	10680	null	null
jpm1@pdq.net	10681	null	null
tabitha.mohon@enron.com	10682	null	null
charry@enron.com	10683	null	null
lyn.malina@enron.com	10684	null	null
virginia.thompson@enron.com	10685	null	null
alippin@mail.arco.com	10686	null	null
shawn.grady@enron.com	10687	null	null
weather@inbox.weather.com	10688	null	null
weather@poweredby.lifeminders.com	10688	null	null
weather@enron.com	10688	null	null
ticket@swbellcottonbowl.org	10689	null	null
ticket@cottonbowl.com	10689	null	null
tb@msb.edu	10690	null	null
david.oxley@enron.com	10691	null	null
oxley@enron.com	10691	null	null
marron.matt@enron.com	10692	null	null
shelanski@mail.law.berkeley.edu	10693	null	null
shelanski@law.berkeley.edu	10693	null	null
pointer@houston.rr.com	10694	null	null
jdahl@mrportland.com	10695	null	null
vicki.berg@enron.com	10696	null	null
berg@la.apollolp.com	10696	null	null
berg@tfts.tozzini.com.br	10696	null	null
gary_burns@cemexusa.com	10697	null	null
cliffang@pacific.net.ph	10698	null	null
cengelbrecht@bracepatt.com	10699	null	null
mcguinn.ian@enron.com	10700	null	null
russell.tucker@enron.com	10701	null	null
conf-ny@msn.com	10702	null	null
conf@risk.co.uk	10702	null	null
conf@resourceinfo.com	10702	null	null
'gaetjens@enron.com	10703	null	null
tthrush@webnexus.com	10704	null	null
astuart@houstonisd.org	10705	null	null
new.2000@enron.com	10706	null	null
jkbowles@hotmail.com	10707	null	null
jeffrey.mcmahon@enron.com	10708	null	null
leola.barnett@enron.com	10709	null	null
barnett@enron.com	10709	null	null
kelly_hermann@hotmail.com	10710	null	null
hendob@hotmail.com	10711	null	null
registeredma@listserv.amunet.edu	10712	null	null
sarah.dietrich@enron.com	10713	null	null
thayes@dttus.com	10714	null	null
john.berggren@enron.com	10715	null	null
kristin.harrelson@enron.com	10716	null	null
sachin.gandhi@enron.com	10717	null	null
spacecity-dsp@yahoogroups.com	10718	null	null
spacecity-dsp@yahoo.com	10718	null	null
jkeavey@epresence.com	10719	null	null
mike.pastore@corporate.ge.com	10720	null	null
team.tw@enron.com	10721	null	null
jungleboy@netzero.net	10722	null	null
bradford.larson@enron.com	10723	null	null
webuser@lists.nwa.com	10724	null	null
webuser@nwa.com	10724	null	null
phobby@genesis-park.com	10725	null	null
heyhiboy@daikonet.co.jp	10726	null	null
a.bradley@enron.com	10727	null	null
martin.cox@chase.com	10728	null	null
skkannan@us.oracle.com	10729	null	null
bertha.owens@enron.com	10730	null	null
'premier.rentals@enron.com	10731	null	null
kelly.heuertz@enron.com	10732	null	null
midday23@alerts.equityalert.com	10733	null	null
paul.m.barry@us.andersen.com	10734	null	null
rwolkwitz@powermerchants.com	10735	null	null
pilar.ramirez@enron.com	10736	null	null
james.armstrong@enron.com	10737	null	null
kevin.ormston@enron.com	10738	null	null
contract@ls.eei.org	10739	null	null
paul.racicot@enron.com	10740	null	null
paul_racicot@enron.net	10740	null	null
kenneth.wang@enron.com	10741	null	null
dverdin@backroads.net	10742	null	null
driver@rka.co.uk	10743	null	null
anita.reubens@swgas.com	10744	null	null
agustin.perez@enron.com	10745	null	null
gfj2v3gf1651@yahoo.com	10746	null	null
kent.palmerton@williams.com	10747	null	null
adver@passionboys.org	10748	null	null
elizabeth.moler@ucm.com	10749	null	null
elizabeth.moler@exeloncorp.com	10749	null	null
garryy@hobbypeople.net	10750	null	null
ranierim@niagaramohawk.com	10751	null	null
sgerrie@retailconcepts.cc	10752	null	null
mlandk@aol.com	10753	null	null
helen.cummings@enron.com	10754	null	null
edo711@hotmail.com	10755	null	null
gelakerei@aol.com	10756	null	null
mcklaw@bellsouth.net	10757	null	null
tclark@pcenergy.com	10758	null	null
tclark@thecwcgroup.com	10758	null	null
tclark@ns.com	10758	null	null
christy.lobusch@enron.com	10759	null	null
sharon.granger@experian.com	10760	null	null
jks1205@aol.com	10761	null	null
bret.turner@csfb.com	10762	null	null
steve.kean@enron.com	10763	null	null
kean.steve@enron.com	10763	null	null
johnson.anders@epenergy.com	10764	null	null
noblewood@home.com	10765	null	null
shutteej@epenergy.com	10766	null	null
michael.mcconnel@enron.net	10767	null	null
tim.bailey@adidasus.com	10768	null	null
michael.moran@enron.com	10769	null	null
aerb@biehlco.com	10770	null	null
luismena@yahoo.com	10771	null	null
bruce.angus@millsport.com	10772	null	null
angus@enron.com	10772	null	null
tfry@allenergy.com	10773	null	null
etaibelinky@hotmail.com	10774	null	null
mbackus@velaw.com	10775	null	null
dparr@bracepatt.com	10776	null	null
carsten.haack@enron.com	10777	null	null
agentrapid@pacbell.net	10778	null	null
ronald_ridlehuber@agfg.com	10779	null	null
beat'.'gabathuler@enron.com	10780	null	null
gabathuler.beat@enron.com	10780	null	null
beat.gabathuler@zkb.ch	10780	null	null
chris_a_regnier@yahoo.com	10781	null	null
wmclucas@wilmer.com	10782	null	null
mcbarnes@kslaw.com	10783	null	null
350122.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	10784	null	null
j.stephan@enron.com	10785	null	null
makris@emrecruiting.com	10786	null	null
agelber@gelbercorp.com	10787	null	null
christian.lebroc@enron.com	10788	null	null
dzepponi@nwfpa.org	10789	null	null
linda.w.humphrey@williams.com	10790	null	null
kkrum@rice.edu	10791	null	null
richard.jeffrey@enron.com	10792	null	null
lee.munden@enron.com	10793	null	null
garry.egan@enron.com	10794	null	null
cecil.gutierrez@enron.com	10795	null	null
steve.myers@enron.com	10796	null	null
amanda.quiller@enron.com	10797	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_036282@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	10798	null	null
jjst@dynegy.com	10799	null	null
apple_enews@applenews.lists.apple.com	10800	null	null
enews@strategy-business.com	10800	null	null
enews@mail.pipingtech.com	10800	null	null
ken.lambert@enron.com	10801	null	null
john.boomer@enron.com	10802	null	null
mgordon@llgm.com	10803	null	null
jacqueline.richard@enron.com	10804	null	null
hutchathoh@aol.com	10805	null	null
neil.sainsbury-carter@enron.com	10806	null	null
giani@tozzini.com.br	10807	null	null
retail@jos-a-bank.com	10808	null	null
smcelmo1@aol.com	10809	null	null
heretohelp@site59.com	10810	null	null
jpainter@igservice.com	10811	null	null
becki.sans@enron.com	10812	null	null
bpbackor@aol.com	10813	null	null
aaron.kirsten@kiodex.com	10814	null	null
ricardo.mucci@enron.com	10815	null	null
sivy@listserv.pathfinder.com	10816	null	null
alex.hsieh@enron.com	10817	null	null
stuart.donaldson@enron.com	10818	null	null
m..elliott@enron.com	10819	null	null
anna.shaw@enron.com	10820	null	null
reslc@aol.com	10821	null	null
roger.westbrook@enron.com	10822	null	null
r..westbrook@enron.com	10822	null	null
jcarriere@eei.org	10823	null	null
craig.shields@enron.com	10824	null	null
bruth12@aol.com	10825	null	null
sms-banking-html@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	10826	null	null
ccampbell@kslaw.com	10827	null	null
ccampbell@akllp.com	10827	null	null
ccampbell@akingump.com	10827	null	null
tonda_bunge@yahoo.com	10828	null	null
coupon500@hotmail.com	10829	null	null
don.bunnell@enron.com	10830	null	null
stanmarek@enron.com	10831	null	null
stanmarek@marekbros.com	10831	null	null
david.best@clyde.co.uk	10832	null	null
david.best@clyd.co.uk	10832	null	null
adicapr@utilicorp.com	10833	null	null
instant_win@customoffers.com	10834	null	null
stuart.fieldhouse@enron.com	10835	null	null
insynconline.69zh0cr7.d@insync-palm.com	10836	null	null
thamman1@earthlink.net	10837	null	null
mark.brady@enron.com	10838	null	null
nicholasnelson@centurytel.net	10839	null	null
cfinch@pepcoenergy.com	10840	null	null
rick.mailloux@bmo.com	10841	null	null
deborah.shahmoradi@enron.com	10842	null	null
aborgatt@azurix.com	10843	null	null
execofficers@houston.org	10844	null	null
dirk.vanulden@enron.com	10845	null	null
platts_newsletters@resdata.com	10846	null	null
platts@listserv.platts.com	10846	null	null
kkenyan@intellibridge.com	10847	null	null
ksterling@sterlingandassociates.com	10848	null	null
rotan.matt@enron.com	10849	null	null
bernice.rodriguez@enron.com	10850	null	null
tera.moss@enron.com	10851	null	null
r-2-735031-4153765-2-284-us1-5b99cffc@xmr3.com	10852	null	null
r-2-730660-4414690-2-3335-us1-fd34d0e3@xmr3.com	10852	null	null
bradmonovich@lockeliddell.com	10853	null	null
pmonaghan@csnllc.com	10854	null	null
kathy_d_lacy@reliantenergy.com	10855	null	null
jeffrey.l.walker@us.arthurandersen.com	10856	null	null
atanner@graduates.iti.com	10857	null	null
john_harpole@powerspring.com	10858	null	null
dougherty@enron.com	10859	null	null
laura.k.prothro@us.arthurandersen.com	10860	null	null
laura.prothro@enron.com	10860	null	null
ksward@msn.com	10861	null	null
jmarchaund@aep.com	10862	null	null
chaun.roberts@enron.com	10863	null	null
1.allan@enron.com	10864	null	null
krzysztof.forycki@enron.com	10865	null	null
enron.gss@enron.com	10866	null	null
gss@uci.edu	10866	null	null
csilva@uamericas.edu.ec	10867	null	null
csilva@redsky.com	10867	null	null
ehuff@llgm.com	10868	null	null
gclockwood@njresources.com	10869	null	null
hiro.h.sakaguchi@olng.simis.com	10870	null	null
sakaguchi@enron.com	10870	null	null
hiro@enron.com	10870	null	null
jeffr@smig.net	10871	null	null
jeffr@monm.edu	10871	null	null
kelly.mahmoud@enron.com	10872	null	null
brennan-martin.alex@enron.com	10873	null	null
don.benjamin@nerc.com	10874	null	null
don.benjamin@nerc.net	10874	null	null
m1d@nwnatural.com	10875	null	null
s.holler@pecorp.com	10876	null	null
fwic@chevron.com	10877	null	null
joan.marks@nycmail.com	10878	null	null
insynconline.6szpmb55.d@insync-palm.com	10879	null	null
sally.keepers@enron.com	10880	null	null
sally_keepers@enron.com	10880	null	null
william.gehle@enron.com	10881	null	null
entrelp@inker.com	10882	null	null
steve.gim@enron.com	10883	null	null
jodi.coulter@enron.com	10884	null	null
linevmmm@mindspring.com	10885	null	null
hoffstetter.amanda@enron.com	10886	null	null
cmj41@yahoo.com	10887	null	null
articles-email@ms1.lga2.nytimes.com	10888	null	null
jaraoz@enron.com	10889	null	null
jane.akdoruk@oracle.com	10890	null	null
mylinda.rosen@enron.com	10891	null	null
maotters@utilicorp.com	10892	null	null
edie.leschber@enron.com	10893	null	null
lea.honeycutt@enron.com	10894	null	null
lea@enron.com	10894	null	null
lea_honeycutt@pgn.com	10894	null	null
chjohnson@hotmail.com	10895	null	null
kbailey2@exchange.ml.com	10896	null	null
lloveras@houston.rr.com	10897	null	null
april.hodgson@enron.com	10898	null	null
chrismcconvey@on.aibn.com	10899	null	null
mrogers@pshouston.org	10900	null	null
todd.renaud@enron.com	10901	null	null
edmund.cooper@enron.com	10902	null	null
marcarelli'.'greg@enron.com	10903	null	null
audrey.o'neil@enron.com	10904	null	null
michael.moulton@enron.com	10905	null	null
all.xms.users@enron.com	10906	null	null
agapetvl@swbell.net	10907	null	null
kiran.gill@neg.pge.com	10908	null	null
laura.osman@travelpark.com	10909	null	null
koikosp@talgov.com	10910	null	null
matt.mitten@marquette.edu	10911	null	null
collage@igc.org	10912	null	null
richard.black@enron.com	10913	null	null
sherri.griffin@enron.com	10914	null	null
ppeldner@utilicorp.com	10915	null	null
reheard_2000@yahoo.com	10916	null	null
delma.salazar@enron.com	10917	null	null
nramsey@houston.rr.com	10918	null	null
jerry.pardilla@enron.com	10919	null	null
billy.thompson@lodgelumber.com	10920	null	null
lyle.white@enron.com	10921	null	null
daveharkin@hotmail.com	10922	null	null
daveharkin@aol.com	10922	null	null
rosteen@powersrch.com	10923	null	null
rosteen@powersrc.com	10923	null	null
frieda.schutza@enron.com	10924	null	null
pnoneill@mail.db.uth.tmc.edu	10925	null	null
danielle.lewis@enron.com	10926	null	null
mgentry@hwallp.com	10927	null	null
mgentry@westmorelandhall.com	10927	null	null
subscriber@mailboy.enron.com	10928	null	null
subscriber@mailman.enron.com	10928	null	null
jsalbrecht@worldnet.att.net	10929	null	null
thomas_f_zwiesler@uhc.com	10930	null	null
dunsing@blanco.com.br	10931	null	null
crushmaster@monstercrush.com	10932	null	null
crushmaster@crushlink.com	10932	null	null
john.stokes@enron.com	10933	null	null
mariano.gentilini@enron.com	10934	null	null
ingjald@shaw.ca	10935	null	null
cody.presgrove@enron.com	10936	null	null
pattyd90@hotmail.com	10937	null	null
flavia.negrete@enron.com	10938	null	null
mbruneau@adventis.com	10939	null	null
david.roland@enron.com	10940	null	null
eterbennborn@compuserve.com	10941	null	null
blbromberg@itsmarta.com	10942	null	null
sonja.mingo@enron.com	10943	null	null
nlay@att.net	10944	null	null
nlay@worldnet.att.net	10944	null	null
verma@enron.com	10945	null	null
patricia.afflerbach@enron.com	10946	null	null
msanche2@enron.com	10947	null	null
msanche2@ect.enron.com	10947	null	null
harrietcarter@pcgms.com	10948	null	null
mary.burke@enron.com	10949	null	null
simonsays@har.com	10950	null	null
msh_isc@it.com.pl	10951	null	null
hope-frelix@reliantenergy.com	10952	null	null
catherinecao@cs.com	10953	null	null
dscott1@columbiaenergygroup.com	10954	null	null
lauraalcott@yahoo.com	10955	null	null
kcbrown@mail.utexas.edu	10956	null	null
frank.neruda@msdw.com	10957	null	null
naimalaima@yahoo.com	10958	null	null
william.stone@nrgenergy.com	10959	null	null
oscar.rivera@enron.com	10960	null	null
rivera@enron.com	10960	null	null
sherri.reinartz@enron.com	10961	null	null
kbruce@rfspectrum.com	10962	null	null
project.gem@enron.com	10963	null	null
john.sweney@brookwoods.com	10964	null	null
sweney@enron.com	10964	null	null
yvonne.acosta@enron.com	10965	null	null
yvonne.acosta@dynegy.com	10965	null	null
plkm@juno.com	10966	null	null
allan_patrick@customoffers.com	10967	null	null
scott.l.flood@ssmb.com	10968	null	null
scott.l.flood@smb.com	10968	null	null
.flood@enron.com	10968	null	null
rozamora@aol.com	10969	null	null
mzeleanor@juno.com	10970	null	null
travellingchick@talkmatch.com	10971	null	null
funserv@sunnews.infi.net	10972	null	null
pholmes@velaw.com	10973	null	null
pholmes@cnw.com	10973	null	null
tenacity94@yahoo.com	10974	null	null
buddy.aiken@enron.com	10975	null	null
patricia_cini.ect@ei.enron.com	10976	null	null
joanne.wagstaff@enron.com	10977	null	null
mgweisblatt@yahoo.com	10978	null	null
kari.dohn@gov.ca.gov	10979	null	null
neil.bresan@enron.com	10980	null	null
christopher.hill@chase.com	10981	null	null
knowledge@wharton.upenn.edu	10982	null	null
jmckay2@enron.com	10983	null	null
jmckay2@notes.enron.com	10983	null	null
jmckay2@ect.enron.com	10983	null	null
elnsie@gte.net	10984	null	null
jabretz@duke-energy.com	10985	null	null
rebecca.watkins@enron.com	10986	null	null
petra@vaultcapital.com	10987	null	null
scarter@nrdc.org	10988	null	null
mhoque@isda.org	10989	null	null
allavarp@haas.berkeley.edu	10990	null	null
david.matney@enron.com	10991	null	null
david_matney@kindermorgan.com	10991	null	null
david_matney@kinderman.com	10991	null	null
ronald.alexander@appnet.net	10992	null	null
dsalter@hgp-inc.com	10993	null	null
sherryl.stone@enron.com	10994	null	null
keenbruin@yahoo.com	10995	null	null
tina.spiller@enron.com	10996	null	null
gil.muhl@enron.com	10997	null	null
rick.waddell@enron.com	10998	null	null
joseph.nguyen@enron.com	10999	null	null
rcfm20011023@ombramarketing.com	11000	null	null
splatel@aigi.com	11001	null	null
michael.sanchez@eott.com	11002	null	null
michael_sanchez@eott.com	11002	null	null
arvinaj@mid.org	11003	null	null
ellen.coombe@enron.com	11004	null	null
jnemec@riviana.com	11005	null	null
pauline.wilson@enron.com	11006	null	null
wayne.franklin@enron.com	11007	null	null
sms-offers-admin@smartmoneylist.com	11008	null	null
pam.rosen@enron.com	11009	null	null
j..detmering@enron.com	11010	null	null
d12800@freeaccess.nl	11011	null	null
jim.lewis@enron.com	11012	null	null
allactivestudents@listserv.amunet.edu	11013	null	null
catherine.leon-guerrero@aig.com	11014	null	null
rakesh.bharati@enron.com	11015	null	null
rakesh@mail.pipingtech.com	11015	null	null
k..dawson@enron.com	11016	null	null
jennifer.whitney@enron.com	11017	null	null
whitney@thelaw.net	11017	null	null
jim.buerkle@enron.com	11018	null	null
buerkle@enron.com	11018	null	null
fwaxepvi2ztt@hotmail.com	11019	null	null
notimemedia@reply.pm0.net	11020	null	null
firefighter_co11_2001@yahoo.com	11021	null	null
dkinder1@enron.com	11022	null	null
linda.faircloth@enron.com	11023	null	null
ron.mcnamara@enron.com	11024	null	null
jesse.gonzalez@enron.com	11025	null	null
muleman1@earthlink.net	11026	null	null
robyn.d.brown@conoco.com	11027	null	null
jeffreyspiers@akllp.com	11028	null	null
t9kxtqnfe@hotmail.com	11029	null	null
emel.akan@enron.com	11030	null	null
brendanb@amerexenergy.com	11031	null	null
janet.bowers@enron.com	11032	null	null
janet'.'bowers@enron.com	11032	null	null
'bowers@enron.com	11032	null	null
justin.boyd@enron.com	11033	null	null
ggeib@windsorfoods.com	11034	null	null
sales.ue.z9841.m18456351@ixs1.net	11035	null	null
allan.casanova@swpc.siemens.com	11036	null	null
saraazose@hotmail.com	11037	null	null
smith.amanda@enron.com	11038	null	null
apearson@friedwire.com	11039	null	null
baslerasoc@aol.com	11040	null	null
general.counsels@enron.com	11041	null	null
bobbie.mccartney@ferc.fed.us	11042	null	null
ejmunion@aol.com	11043	null	null
suetolle7@aol.com	11044	null	null
houston_texans@e-mailprovider.net	11045	null	null
curry.kimberly@enron.com	11046	null	null
mohamed.daya@enron.com	11047	null	null
scott.jones@eott.com	11048	null	null
scott_jones@eott.com	11048	null	null
scott.jones@enron.com	11048	null	null
scott_jones@eoot.com	11048	null	null
s29040@sunpoint.net	11049	null	null
michael_palmer@ins.com	11050	null	null
cingebretson@bracepatt.com	11051	null	null
savagep@gtlaw.com	11052	null	null
parker.janice@epenergy.com	11053	null	null
sdxsqood@msn.com	11054	null	null
loockj@psc.state.wi.us	11055	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide1@enron.com	11056	null	null
hnock@fce.com	11057	null	null
editors@strategy-business.com	11058	null	null
editors@successstories.com	11058	null	null
zeichick@camdenassociates.com	11059	null	null
ghancock@houstontech.org	11060	null	null
geoffreymann@hotmail.com	11061	null	null
valuableclients@mailman.enron.com	11062	null	null
m..lohmann@enron.com	11063	null	null
bounce-lost_adventure-113079@lists.lonelyplanet.com.au	11064	null	null
gphillip@enron.com	11065	null	null
expediafaretracker_021311@expedia.customer-email.com	11066	null	null
dl-ga-canada_ees_toronto@enron.com	11067	null	null
dl-ga-canada_toronto@enron.com	11067	null	null
cates@yahoo.com	11068	null	null
mark.wilson@enron.com	11069	null	null
mcgee.nora@epamail.epa.gov	11070	null	null
rcstokes@ckt.net	11071	null	null
ken.rubeli@enron.com	11072	null	null
jordan.larimore@lehman.com	11073	null	null
larimore@enron.com	11073	null	null
bjqqqd6sfweo@hotmail.com	11074	null	null
pvandego@enron.com	11075	null	null
p..adams@enron.com	11076	null	null
dmacneil@computerpsychologist.com	11077	null	null
krzybob@4vendor.net	11078	null	null
pvillag@columbiaenergy.com	11079	null	null
pvillag@columbiaenergygroup.com	11079	null	null
john_mable@dom.com	11080	null	null
john_mable@vapower.com	11080	null	null
3toyota@cadvision.com	11081	null	null
ab28@mail.md	11082	null	null
chris_ballou@bmc.com	11083	null	null
otis.wathington@enron.com	11084	null	null
watchthesunset@talkmatch.com	11085	null	null
cindyv@lakeaustinspa.com	11086	null	null
cindyv@lakeaustin.com	11086	null	null
kostya@rice.edu	11087	null	null
jbukzin@christianacare.org	11088	null	null
erichardson@sarofim.com	11089	null	null
bourgeois.thomas@enron.com	11090	null	null
mgulluni@iso-ne.com	11091	null	null
arsavitz@mindspring.com	11092	null	null
wes.colwell@enron.com	11093	null	null
wes@mail.ci.tlh.fl.us	11093	null	null
wes@modrall.com	11093	null	null
rlobo@nt.protexa.com.mx	11094	null	null
andy.kelemen@enron.com	11095	null	null
tsanders@eei.org	11096	null	null
owo@cwsmail.com	11097	null	null
narrinator@aol.com	11098	null	null
hea@houstonenergy.org	11099	null	null
enchcoln@telusplanet.net	11100	null	null
cfsmith@kingwoodcable.com	11101	null	null
mmatthew36@quest.net	11102	null	null
mmatthew36@qwest.net	11102	null	null
mmatthew36@questar.net	11102	null	null
christi.smith@lrinet.com	11103	null	null
lnudera@earthlink.net	11104	null	null
ron_lochte@i-o.com	11105	null	null
luvdusty@hotmail.com	11106	null	null
techserve@satyam.net.in	11107	null	null
barzaghi@barzaghistore.it	11108	null	null
bianca.ornelas@enron.com	11109	null	null
gorny@enron.com	11110	null	null
schlecht.schlecht@enron.com	11111	null	null
dinah.schlecht@enron.com	11111	null	null
rcosentino@milbank.com	11112	null	null
coppercreekfount@cs.com	11113	null	null
sandra.rodriguez@enron.com	11114	null	null
marty.sunde@enron.com	11115	null	null
iao_jas@hotmail.com	11116	null	null
jacquelyn.azore@enron.com	11117	null	null
kyle.barker@us.cgeyc.com	11118	null	null
pthompson@akllp.com	11119	null	null
pthompson@andrews-kurth.com	11119	null	null
ykung@rfc.com	11120	null	null
pjm-raarc@majordomo.pjm.com	11121	null	null
pjm-raarc@risc1.pjm.com	11121	null	null
pplatte@enron.com	11122	null	null
pplatte@ect.enron.com	11122	null	null
mary.kay.miller@dynegy.com	11123	null	null
mary_k.miller@enron.com	11123	null	null
kay'.'miller@enron.com	11123	null	null
mary.k.miller@enron.com	11123	null	null
kay.miller@enron.com	11123	null	null
linda.ward@enron.com	11124	null	null
mark_keavey@rsmi.com	11125	null	null
davemfuller@earthlink.net	11126	null	null
narsimha.misra@enron.com	11127	null	null
awano@21stenergy.com	11128	null	null
fred.cohagan@enron.com	11129	null	null
optin@sungrp.com	11130	null	null
vngo@rice.edu	11131	null	null
kay.moore@enron.com	11132	null	null
edmundg@manfinancial.com	11133	null	null
sean.sargent@enron.com	11134	null	null
rtalex@tecoenergy.com	11135	null	null
adam.6129@eudoramail.com	11136	null	null
jtownes@yahoo.com	11137	null	null
aabell1@aol.com	11138	null	null
singla@enron.com	11139	null	null
mpatterson@testmail.ercot.com	11140	null	null
mpatterson@ercot.com	11140	null	null
sherron.watkins@enron.com	11141	null	null
ssanders@mtsqh.com	11142	null	null
nowaczyk@enron.com	11143	null	null
james.new@enron.com	11144	null	null
munder_weekly@blast.com	11145	null	null
tporter@hess.com	11146	null	null
mollie.gustafson@enron.com	11147	null	null
fraisy.george@enron.com	11148	null	null
mccomb.chris@enron.com	11149	null	null
susan.m.landwehr@enron.com	11150	null	null
m..landwehr@enron.com	11150	null	null
alex.tartakovski@enron.com	11151	null	null
schneidau@enron.com	11152	null	null
kristi.kraemer@enron.com	11153	null	null
mildred.webber@mail.house.gov	11154	null	null
bill.hawkins@opo.gov.on.ca	11155	null	null
nancyobiz@aol.com	11156	null	null
1800flowers.84010289@s2u2.com	11157	null	null
pablo.pissanetzky@enron.com	11158	null	null
pablo@uxmym1.iimas.unam.mx	11158	null	null
tlevy@entrustcapital.com	11159	null	null
marc.distefano@enron.com	11160	null	null
kate.chaney@enron.com	11161	null	null
pedro.blanco@enron.com	11162	null	null
joe.burlison@enron.com	11163	null	null
eva.pao@enron.com	11164	null	null
tom.kearney@enron.com	11165	null	null
cbeagan-gorelick@marthastewart.com	11166	null	null
carol.barcus@enron.com	11167	null	null
contact@barryfriedmanltd.com	11168	null	null
contact@v-workshops.com	11168	null	null
contact@dew-consulting.com	11168	null	null
contact@stockgenie.com	11168	null	null
contact@weforum.org	11168	null	null
aleonard@caiso.com	11169	null	null
jeffb@tpt.com	11170	null	null
jeremy.buss@enron.com	11171	null	null
jeremy_buss@enron.net	11171	null	null
j..damslora@enron.com	11172	null	null
page_davido@bigfoot.com	11173	null	null
lawmoney@euromoneyplc.com	11174	null	null
tacstar@mcm.org	11175	null	null
tacstar@mcn.org	11175	null	null
twill@yahoo.com	11176	null	null
lyris-confirm-99214601e@mail2.southwest.com	11177	null	null
team.holcomb-oper@enron.com	11178	null	null
aiazkazi@hotbot.com	11179	null	null
lucy.page@enron.com	11180	null	null
tjohnson@spectrum-tele.com	11181	null	null
david.jones@enron.com	11182	null	null
gpotter@natsource.com	11183	null	null
becky.bayne@enron.com	11184	null	null
bob.m.hall@enron.com	11185	null	null
m..hall@enron.com	11185	null	null
m.hall@enron.com	11185	null	null
bob.hall@enron.com	11185	null	null
jason.ward@enron.com	11186	null	null
'johnny.palmer'@enron.com	11187	null	null
johnny.palmer@enron.com	11187	null	null
lisa.hesse@enron.com	11188	null	null
multi3@wscc.com	11189	null	null
srodgers@ong.com	11190	null	null
bwdunlavy@yahoo.com	11191	null	null
jason.bass2@compaq.com	11192	null	null
circlesranch@earthlink.net	11193	null	null
stacey.neuweiller@enron.com	11194	null	null
gary.carroll@enron.com	11195	null	null
timothy.mcinturf@enron.com	11196	null	null
christina.brandli@enron.com	11197	null	null
bob.hagen@enron.com	11198	null	null
colin.wilkes@ps.ge.com	11199	null	null
jkpais@netscape.net	11200	null	null
lindheimer@yahoo.com	11201	null	null
mary.doyle@dynegy.com	11202	null	null
mark.hentschell@anheuser-busch.com	11203	null	null
lillian.bailey@enron.com	11204	null	null
oscar_kuarzo@yahoo.com.mx	11205	null	null
eric.le@enron.com	11206	null	null
nbartlo@columbiaenergygroup.com	11207	null	null
annette.daniele@schwab.com	11208	null	null
maria'.'pavlou@enron.com	11209	null	null
maria.pavlou@enron.com	11209	null	null
maria_pavlou@enron.com	11209	null	null
maria.pavlou@dynegy.com	11209	null	null
yates.iw@pg.com	11210	null	null
jerocha@ev1.net	11211	null	null
michael.patrick@enron.com	11212	null	null
lminor@br-inc.com	11213	null	null
dcballou@hotmail.com	11214	null	null
melissa.solis@enron.com	11215	null	null
michelle.levinski@mail.tju.edu	11216	null	null
mike.bodnar@enron.com	11217	null	null
clarkb@sullcrom.com	11218	null	null
wpmail@llgm.com	11219	null	null
bradley.e.morrow@marshmc.com	11220	null	null
bradley.e.morrow@marsh.com	11220	null	null
sholeen.eden@enron.com	11221	null	null
michael.emerson@enron.com	11222	null	null
michael.emerson@csfb.com	11222	null	null
kim.bolton@enron.com	11223	null	null
gpw2002@hotmail.com	11224	null	null
michaelt@calpine.com	11225	null	null
j.w.@truckstuff4less.com	11226	null	null
rick.guttroff@enron.com	11227	null	null
mrgraves@aep.com	11228	null	null
arnold.eisenstein@enron.com	11229	null	null
jose.bestard@enron.com	11230	null	null
jshu@ieor.berkeley.edu	11231	null	null
malcolmj@houston.rr.com	11232	null	null
rwiner@stern.nyu.edu	11233	null	null
ggau@mail.utexas.edu	11234	null	null
pwhobby@hobbycomm.com	11235	null	null
khale@pritchettnet.com	11236	null	null
polydor.andrew@enron.com	11237	null	null
peter.vecchio@enron.com	11238	null	null
lindaeb@westcoal.org	11239	null	null
melinda.hood@enron.com	11240	null	null
frank.wilson@enron.com	11241	null	null
scoop@money.net	11242	null	null
scoop@mailer.money.net	11242	null	null
hotwire@hotwire.m0.net	11243	null	null
'eltin'@enron.com	11244	null	null
lacostadan@hotmail.com	11245	null	null
kjperry23@aol.com	11246	null	null
fmwhit@sover.net	11247	null	null
chris.love@enron.com	11248	null	null
lenine.jeganathan@enron.com	11249	null	null
roberts.gina@enron.com	11250	null	null
jkriendler@yahoo.com	11251	null	null
gorman@uh.edu	11252	null	null
corp.officers@enron.com	11253	null	null
lisa.watson@gulfsouthpl.com	11254	null	null
edward.chang@lexis-nexis.com	11255	null	null
phillip.ballard@enron.com	11256	null	null
craig.fox@enron.com	11257	null	null
slmchargue@tecoenergy.com	11258	null	null
sandi.mccubbin@enron.com	11259	null	null
sandi"@simmer.isd.net@enron.com	11259	null	null
boardcafe@compasspoint.org	11260	null	null
boardcafe@lists.compasspoint.org	11260	null	null
gharrison@susmangodfrey.com	11261	null	null
huy.dinh@enron.com	11262	null	null
michael.storm@ps.ge.com	11263	null	null
michael.storm@ss.ps.ge.com	11263	null	null
wilber62@mundomail.net	11264	null	null
devika_333@hotmail.com	11265	null	null
drstarr@duke-energy.com	11266	null	null
vivian.nguyen@enron.com	11267	null	null
7134086090@mobile.mycingular.net	11268	null	null
scottk@cqg.com	11269	null	null
scottk@cqg.cqg.com	11269	null	null
casamcminnstfe@email.msn.com	11270	null	null
andrew-d.lloyd@ubsw.com	11271	null	null
rene.bisono@enron.com	11272	null	null
jeaster@reliant.com	11273	null	null
resume@tenaska.com	11274	null	null
roberto.deleon@enron.com	11275	null	null
pat.eberts@enron.com	11276	null	null
ricciuti@dceg.com	11277	null	null
rivera.robert@enron.com	11278	null	null
rick.carson@enron.com	11279	null	null
hherzog@columbiaenergygroup.com	11280	null	null
acormier@vicr.com	11281	null	null
my-yahoo-register@yahoo-inc.com	11282	null	null
1.facilities@enron.com	11283	null	null
cars@teamfreeze.com	11284	null	null
bhala@hotmail.com	11285	null	null
christine.a.smith@chase.com	11286	null	null
christine.smith@enron.com	11286	null	null
cottrell@massed.net	11287	null	null
courtney.pistorius@alcoa.com	11288	null	null
heather.kendall@enron.com	11289	null	null
e..jones@enron.com	11290	null	null
donaldcduncan@houston.rr.com	11291	null	null
ampmstc@aol.com	11292	null	null
2.4146.d6-v6zi1tiilajh.1@cda01.cdnow.com	11293	null	null
aeanabors@aol.com	11294	null	null
akidd@marathonoil.com	11295	null	null
dhashaw@reliant.com	11296	null	null
cindy.hunt@enron.com	11297	null	null
mvon@hess.com	11298	null	null
grand.aire@enron.com	11299	null	null
valaberg@aol.com	11300	null	null
kiodexadvisors@kiodex.com	11301	null	null
terry.galassini@enron.com	11302	null	null
jeff.feig@citi-fx.com	11303	null	null
joel.ross@enron.com	11304	null	null
hardee.donna@enron.com	11305	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.535@vremail.com	11306	null	null
ghathaway@mmcable.com	11307	null	null
ruthharris1@aol.com	11308	null	null
bebinger.david@enron.com	11309	null	null
davidladams@global.t-bird.edu	11310	null	null
infousa6912@imailbox.com	11311	null	null
tracitx@aol.com	11312	null	null
diana.gutierrez@enron.com	11313	null	null
nbe@newwave.net	11314	null	null
lusyd@aol.com	11315	null	null
gc-orders@amazon.com	11316	null	null
pmeringolo@brobeck.com	11317	null	null
kdorland@flint-energy.com	11318	null	null
kdorland@titanelectric.com	11318	null	null
bjollie@socalgas.com	11319	null	null
baumank@yahoo.com	11320	null	null
5rzbqjiyp@homebiz.com	11321	null	null
george.babaz@enron.com	11322	null	null
sobulej@kenergy.com	11323	null	null
tmobley@mpea.com	11324	null	null
gap@gap.m0.net	11325	null	null
damon@enron.com	11326	null	null
lrethman@usa.net	11327	null	null
cory.loegering@enron.com	11328	null	null
loegering@enron.com	11328	null	null
rajnesh.sharma@enron.com	11329	null	null
wlongmire@viviance.com	11330	null	null
ddrxbri@msn.com	11331	null	null
lgoldb@bellsouth.net	11332	null	null
jpmarus@ppco.com	11333	null	null
bwhitney@eb.com	11334	null	null
ying_chan99@hotmail.com	11335	null	null
georgia.blanchard@enron.com	11336	null	null
kswett@tmvgas.com	11337	null	null
darin.presto@enron.com	11338	null	null
dpdawg99@aol.com	11339	null	null
charles.c.schmidt@accenture.com	11340	null	null
angel2@txucom.net	11341	null	null
eduardo.calderon@enron.com	11342	null	null
kim.theriot@enron.com	11343	null	null
todd.strauss@neg.pge.com	11344	null	null
brenda.anderson@enron.com	11345	null	null
randall.curry@enron.com	11346	null	null
randall.curry@bhlp.com	11346	null	null
elmore@enron.com	11347	null	null
tsanthon@southernco.com	11348	null	null
hshaw3@austin.rr.com	11349	null	null
kern_direct_marketing.um.a.21.2001@em10.net	11350	null	null
edward.d.gottlob@enron.com	11351	null	null
jsole@caiso.com	11352	null	null
mgutheinz@calstate.edu	11353	null	null
yongcho70@aol.com	11354	null	null
kbradley@reliant.com	11355	null	null
kbradley@tfsbrokers.com	11355	null	null
kbradley@reliantenergy.com	11355	null	null
alltimeqb@hotmail.com	11356	null	null
rexhime@msn.com	11357	null	null
rexhime@cbpa.com	11357	null	null
brett.phillips@enron.com	11358	null	null
pinetops.stephen@iname.com	11359	null	null
admcgown@ev1.net	11360	null	null
debbie.beavers@enron.com	11361	null	null
telecommunications.international@enron.com	11362	null	null
christinaricciuti@home.com	11363	null	null
amandawhitby@coolgoose.com	11364	null	null
announcements.enron@enron.com	11365	null	null
enron.announcements@enron.com	11365	null	null
kurovsky@haas.berkeley.edu	11366	null	null
mungo.hardwicke.brown@blakes.com	11367	null	null
bronson@enron.com	11368	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3329@lists.smartmoney.com	11369	null	null
colehour.ted@enron.com	11370	null	null
ees.ramirez@enron.com	11371	null	null
e..ramirez@enron.com	11371	null	null
bpuckett@cop.ufl.edu	11372	null	null
mccombs@enron.com	11373	null	null
esa.excom@enron.com	11374	null	null
kc.1906901.1252.0@kc-mx.avantgo.com	11375	null	null
charles.thompson@enron.com	11376	null	null
arnold.l.eisenstein@enron.com	11377	null	null
bill.fortney@enron.com	11378	null	null
michelle.muniz@enron.com	11379	null	null
giglets@hotmail.com	11380	null	null
sdbrown@marathonoil.com	11381	null	null
shannon.fitzgerald@tabsdirect.com	11382	null	null
shannon.fitzgerald@grizzard.com	11382	null	null
rofravi@aol.com	11383	null	null
anthony_mends@enron.net	11384	null	null
anthony.mends@enron.com	11384	null	null
scott.turner@blakes.com	11385	null	null
guy.dayvault@enron.com	11386	null	null
lhrawson@bpa.gov	11387	null	null
stuart.salt@linklaters.com	11388	null	null
salt@enron.com	11388	null	null
indiasummit@weforum.org	11389	null	null
rick.cates@enron.com	11390	null	null
john.rose@enron.com	11391	null	null
suhernan@llgm.net	11392	null	null
suhernan@llgm.com	11392	null	null
jhartso@enron.com	11393	null	null
rick.haedicke@enron.com	11394	null	null
peter.shipman@axiaenergy.com	11395	null	null
dorothy.dalton@enron.com	11396	null	null
flkester@cs.com	11397	null	null
cbssportsline.com_thesportingnews@mail.0mm.com	11398	null	null
e.bassine@worldnet.att.net	11399	null	null
gbeltr@ladwp.com	11400	null	null
tcash@aimtech.net	11401	null	null
mayers.jessie@enron.com	11402	null	null
klauber@llgm.com	11403	null	null
sgovenar@govadv.com	11404	null	null
carter.hachman@marchfirst.com	11405	null	null
gsolberg@enron.com	11406	null	null
gsolberg@hotmail.com	11406	null	null
dasovichd@home.com	11407	null	null
dasovichd@aol.com	11407	null	null
camsell@pacbell.net	11408	null	null
gwenfco@yahoo.com	11409	null	null
jdferrar@llgm.com	11410	null	null
mike.morris@enron.com	11411	null	null
djenergy@dowjones.com	11412	null	null
jim.lobdell@enron.com	11413	null	null
jim_lobdell@pgn.com	11413	null	null
bruzinsky@jw.com	11414	null	null
mhannusc@enron.com	11415	null	null
r-7-56294-3597217-2-2146-us2-bee9e2ee@xmr3.com	11416	null	null
dmw@mailandnews.com	11417	null	null
sorelle@enron.com	11418	null	null
deolande@srpnet.com	11419	null	null
davidjensengroup@mindspring.com	11420	null	null
janellmc@aol.com	11421	null	null
bsmallaus@jump.net	11422	null	null
bgaillar@ees.enron.com	11423	null	null
bgaillar@enron.com	11423	null	null
tgcf@home.com	11424	null	null
winston.jia@enron.com	11425	null	null
james.light@enron.com	11426	null	null
margarite.cunningham@enron.com	11427	null	null
networkcommerce-tdsd20011228@ombramarketing.com	11428	null	null
bill_kime@ajg.com	11429	null	null
g..barkowsky@enron.com	11430	null	null
robert.richard@enron.com	11431	null	null
health_africa@yahoo.com	11432	null	null
enron.customers@enron.com	11433	null	null
cards@crossdaily.com	11434	null	null
michael.lubic@enron.com	11435	null	null
alexh@alumni.rice.edu	11436	null	null
ablanchard@idgbooks.com	11437	null	null
party.announcement@enron.com	11438	null	null
zcooper@haas.berkeley.edu	11439	null	null
billgreenizan@epagenet.net	11440	null	null
dinah.baharin@enron.com	11441	null	null
joan.stumpf@cwt.com	11442	null	null
warren.prihoda@enron.com	11443	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_houston_employees@enron.com	11444	null	null
all.employees@enron.com	11444	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_houston@enron.com	11444	null	null
all_enron_houston@enron.com	11444	null	null
all.houston@enron.com	11444	null	null
robin.jordan@enron.com	11445	null	null
ecardone@nyiso.com	11446	null	null
king.byron@enron.com	11447	null	null
patrick.wade@enron.com	11448	null	null
awodni@sgh.waw.pl	11449	null	null
edan_lee@zbi.com	11450	null	null
kevin.heal@enron.com	11451	null	null
enron.assets@enron.com	11452	null	null
bob.anderson@enron.com	11453	null	null
bob_anderson@apses.com	11453	null	null
taylam@bracepatt.com	11454	null	null
the.distribution@enron.com	11455	null	null
jr..walter@enron.com	11456	null	null
ccox@businesscouncil.com	11457	null	null
dustin.collins@enron.com	11458	null	null
d.collins@tjmhou.com	11458	null	null
karins32@hotmail.com	11459	null	null
john.towles@enron.com	11460	null	null
robert.neustaedter@enron.com	11461	null	null
waltm@wheatstoneinvestments.com	11462	null	null
samantha.britell@us.hsbc.com	11463	null	null
s_britell@hotmail.com	11463	null	null
michael.galvan@enron.com	11464	null	null
katrinadvl@aol.com	11465	null	null
fahd.lodi@enron.com	11466	null	null
gcpengineers@caiso.com	11467	null	null
david.grant@enron.com	11468	null	null
joe.deffner@enron.com	11469	null	null
rick.wolkwitz@enron.com	11470	null	null
etakigawa@algorithmics.com	11471	null	null
lesliemr@pacbell.net	11472	null	null
outagemgmtodo1@reliantenergy.com	11473	null	null
trish.lindloff@weil.com	11474	null	null
john.oliver@enron.com	11475	null	null
brian.hunter-lindsay@enron.com	11476	null	null
brian_lindsay@enron.net	11476	null	null
carl.kaestner@rhargrove.com	11477	null	null
'lagler@enron.com	11478	null	null
scenictx@neosoft.com	11479	null	null
richard.riehm@enron.com	11480	null	null
sam.cook@enron.com	11481	null	null
cook.sam@enron.com	11481	null	null
chill@lrmlaw.com	11482	null	null
james.sandt@enron.com	11483	null	null
paul.donnelly@enron.com	11484	null	null
paul.donnelly@bakeratlas.com	11484	null	null
donnelly.paul@enron.com	11484	null	null
dandjmccarty@aol.com	11485	null	null
emily.ward@bellsouth.com	11486	null	null
e..ward@enron.com	11486	null	null
rebeccacooke@hotmail.com	11487	null	null
ge.worldwide@enron.com	11488	null	null
denisjr@ev1.net	11489	null	null
reaganr@mail.ci.tlh.fl.us	11490	null	null
clients@cera.com	11491	null	null
clients@gelbercorp.com	11491	null	null
cjrob23@msn.com	11492	null	null
lkhohmann@yahoo.com	11493	null	null
dpugh@energygateway.com	11494	null	null
r-8-56294-4033990-2-1447-us2-44461ab9@xmr3.com	11495	null	null
geosteich@aol.com	11496	null	null
prince_consultants@yahoo.com	11497	null	null
thriftyluxury@yahoo.com	11498	null	null
sasha6348@yahoo.com	11499	null	null
anita.murray@enron.com	11500	null	null
davila1@txu.com	11501	null	null
jscribn@email.fleming.com	11502	null	null
matt.brown@enron.com	11503	null	null
zgreen@atg.com	11504	null	null
dan.boswell@enron.com	11505	null	null
janel.guerrero@enron.com	11506	null	null
rtnbnc-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-299@www0.humornetwork.com	11507	null	null
jessica.wentworth@enron.com	11508	null	null
wentworth.'jessica@enron.com	11508	null	null
jkeesling@houston.rr.com	11509	null	null
inbox@messaging.accuweather.com	11510	null	null
schernick@bear.com	11511	null	null
mike'.'grigsby@enron.com	11512	null	null
mike.grigsby@enron.com	11512	null	null
suhas.tuljapurkar@enron.com	11513	null	null
dkmnsu76y_uhdf67@yahoo.com	11514	null	null
fabian.lipp@lgeenergy.com	11515	null	null
normbabs@aol.com	11516	null	null
civins@hotmail.com	11517	null	null
clair.fowler@enron.com	11518	null	null
ed.dannhaus@enron.com	11519	null	null
tony.riley@enron.com	11520	null	null
evolutionstrategies@home.com	11521	null	null
brian.vassigh@enron.com	11522	null	null
bhehir@netacumen.com	11523	null	null
owner-f99evmba@haas.berkeley.edu	11524	null	null
f99evmba@haas.berkeley.edu	11524	null	null
vip3@email.qves.com	11525	null	null
ann.vaughn@enron.com	11526	null	null
jill.chatterton@adeccona.com	11527	null	null
jill.chatterton@enron.com	11527	null	null
haddock.william@enron.com	11528	null	null
joe.write@truequote.com	11529	null	null
m..gamboa@enron.com	11530	null	null
lester.terry@enron.com	11531	null	null
lester@haas.berkeley.edu	11531	null	null
fiona.woolf@cmck.com	11532	null	null
sanjeev.gupta@enron.com	11533	null	null
truorange@aol.com	11534	null	null
mcf8qyloqs@msn.com	11535	null	null
ticketwarehouse@aol.com	11536	null	null
hotwanger@hotmail.com	11537	null	null
hurst@intur.net	11538	null	null
jf3ysorjhhtbniq@kiae.ru	11539	null	null
chris.hanson@excambria.com	11540	null	null
carter.miles@enron.com	11541	null	null
m..carter@enron.com	11541	null	null
plucci01@talkmatch.com	11542	null	null
kelly.mckinzie@enron.com	11543	null	null
owen.chang@rbcds.com	11544	null	null
b2marina@aol.com	11545	null	null
j.oxer@enron.com	11546	null	null
j..oxer@enron.com	11546	null	null
mbrabha@ect.enron.com	11547	null	null
robngreg@yahoo.com	11548	null	null
ben.freeman@enron.com	11549	null	null
ben_freeman@enron.net	11549	null	null
alarsen120@aol.com	11550	null	null
d..josey@enron.com	11551	null	null
dblake3@firstunion1.com	11552	null	null
6.977.56--6aconfo9suf.1@mail3.travelocity.com	11553	null	null
ray.carter@enron.com	11554	null	null
anya_hoffman@gap.com	11555	null	null
tanissa.carmon@et.pge.com	11556	null	null
42.9217.59-y5booe4shmdvwnvgbdrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	11557	null	null
meramirez@mail.utexas.edu	11558	null	null
elizabethp@hba.org	11559	null	null
josephtambornino@yahoo.com	11560	null	null
lanebob1@yahoo.com	11561	null	null
darius.gaskins@verizon.net	11562	null	null
richard.a.lammers@enron.com	11563	null	null
richard.lammers@enron.com	11563	null	null
mbauer@keyspanenergy.com	11564	null	null
lonnie.trout@enron.com	11565	null	null
c10mkf@msn.com	11566	null	null
onepass_020901@airmail.continental.com	11567	null	null
'klein@enron.com	11568	null	null
shemeika.scroggins@enron.com	11569	null	null
evans.jon@enron.com	11570	null	null
simon.cheshire@reuters.com	11571	null	null
sharp.tony@enron.com	11572	null	null
rjbanducci@aol.com	11573	null	null
mson@enron.com	11574	null	null
mson@softbank.co.jp	11574	null	null
erisk.com_info@email.erisks.com	11575	null	null
erisk@enron.com	11575	null	null
erisk@email.erisks.com	11575	null	null
jduffy@tides.org	11576	null	null
jduffy@hsresources.com	11576	null	null
david.hall@glo.state.tx.us	11577	null	null
d.hall@enron.com	11577	null	null
david.hall@glo.tx.us	11577	null	null
irene.garcia@enron.com	11578	null	null
erankin@txu.com	11579	null	null
jeff.wallace@greenwichtreasury.com	11580	null	null
arfsten@bflassociates.com	11581	null	null
marc_sekula@bmc.com	11582	null	null
rmurphy@navigantconsulting.com	11583	null	null
bwhitmor@aglresources.com	11584	null	null
rapdecunto@pinheironeto.com.br	11585	null	null
mike.mitcham@enron.com	11586	null	null
guria@hess.com	11587	null	null
jefferid@kochind.com	11588	null	null
jefferid@kochind.co	11588	null	null
chapter_1_club_news@new.chapters.ca	11589	null	null
club@mailman.enron.com	11589	null	null
jody421@hotmail.com	11590	null	null
kcsmith12@hotmail.com	11591	null	null
nl-dailyupdate-txt@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	11592	null	null
juanita.ruffeno@enron.com	11593	null	null
walt.kuhn@enron.com	11594	null	null
kuhn.walt@enron.com	11594	null	null
atravis@coral-energy.com	11595	null	null
dbeck2land@dellnet.com	11596	null	null
dbeck2land@aol.com	11596	null	null
jwilliam@jaguar.net	11597	null	null
jwilliam@burgoyne.com	11597	null	null
jwilliam@k-a-c.com	11597	null	null
jwilliam@dscga.com	11597	null	null
jessica.l.bishop@dynegy.com	11598	null	null
merrell@heinzctr.org	11599	null	null
luis.maurer@enron.com	11600	null	null
marilyn.goetzinger@enron.com	11601	null	null
evening@ino.com	11602	null	null
jderric@enron.com	11603	null	null
mappling@chematch.com	11604	null	null
egirlinc@yahoo.com	11605	null	null
mattstreit@hotmail.com	11606	null	null
suresh.raghavan@enron.com	11607	null	null
cynthia.wishert@enron.com	11608	null	null
afried@cantor.com	11609	null	null
sue_schulli@cdnoxy.com	11610	null	null
jayne.south@weil.com	11611	null	null
rab9@pge.com	11612	null	null
lynn.a.lednicky@dynegy.com	11613	null	null
dreamscaip@hotmail.com	11614	null	null
mfuchs@schunterdon.com	11615	null	null
rod.kennedy@rbcds.com	11616	null	null
rod.kennedy@rbcinvestments.com	11616	null	null
rod.kennedy@rbc.com	11616	null	null
kathryn.melton@shell.com	11617	null	null
wgpw.businessdvp@wgp.twc.com	11618	null	null
enronpulp@forestweb.net	11619	null	null
white.william@enron.com	11620	null	null
perry.frazier@enron.com	11621	null	null
manna@ev1.net	11622	null	null
ect.europe@enron.com	11623	null	null
ricardo.cunha@enron.com	11624	null	null
especials@specials.ovm.com	11625	null	null
especials@specials.swavacations.com	11625	null	null
henry.emery@painewebber.com	11626	null	null
henry.emery@ubspainewebber.com	11626	null	null
'mainzer@enron.com	11627	null	null
lynnette.barnes@enron.com	11628	null	null
rzoellick@gmfus.org	11629	null	null
rzoellick@ustr.gov	11629	null	null
ken_fatur@em.fcnbd.com	11630	null	null
cobra77100@att.net	11631	null	null
esop.a.@enron.com	11632	null	null
jhodge@ect.enron.com	11633	null	null
jhodge@enron.com	11633	null	null
d..hogan@enron.com	11634	null	null
yan.jin@enron.com	11635	null	null
serena.bishop@merant.com	11636	null	null
serena.bishop@enron.com	11636	null	null
madeleine.cardoso@travelpark.com	11637	null	null
madeleine@madeleinetodd.com	11637	null	null
cardoso.'madeleine@enron.com	11637	null	null
mary.browning@enron.com	11638	null	null
jill.horswell@sce.com	11639	null	null
slzajac@aep.com	11640	null	null
kristeno@nortelnetworks.com	11641	null	null
lynette.crawford@enron.com	11642	null	null
ecn42c2.conf.@enron.com	11643	null	null
kelly.zelikovitz@enron.com	11644	null	null
j.fields@argentinc.com	11645	null	null
ameliapower@hotmail.com	11646	null	null
kenneth.l.kimbro@enron.com	11647	null	null
sunterramail@sunterra.com	11648	null	null
jim.peterson@enron.com	11649	null	null
don.mosley@enron.com	11650	null	null
mosley@enron.com	11650	null	null
john.whiting@enron.com	11651	null	null
zulie.flores@enron.com	11652	null	null
gandomi@water.ca.gov	11653	null	null
ees.specialists@enron.com	11654	null	null
diana.peters@enron.com	11655	null	null
mtnsport@ris.net	11656	null	null
neil.job@ihsenergy.com	11657	null	null
bo.thisted@enron.com	11658	null	null
dan.holli@enron.com	11659	null	null
otis_cat@rocketmail.com	11660	null	null
rshively@enerdynamics.com	11661	null	null
j.fosdick@enron.com	11662	null	null
robert.evans@us.cgeyc.com	11663	null	null
mcmichael@enron.com	11664	null	null
jeffseely_017022@netstock.customer-email.com	11665	null	null
tori.l.wells@enron.com	11666	null	null
tori.wells@enron.com	11666	null	null
ronald.matthews@enron.com	11667	null	null
nadia.rodriguez@enron.com	11668	null	null
isoopstraininggrp@caiso.com	11669	null	null
8775104370@skytel.com	11670	null	null
kevin.heffron@enron.com	11671	null	null
hullkron@bellsouth.net	11672	null	null
adavis@oppd.com	11673	null	null
swearingen@enron.com	11674	null	null
michael.mulligan@americas.bnparibas.com	11675	null	null
michael.mulligan@americas.bnpparibas.com	11675	null	null
mick.mussett@enron.com	11676	null	null
rachel.crowell@enron.com	11677	null	null
surfngo@americawest.com	11678	null	null
marcelo.parra@enron.com	11679	null	null
.'marcelo@enron.com	11679	null	null
marcelo.parra@mgusa.com	11679	null	null
simon.b.prew@uk.arthurandersen.com	11680	null	null
techteam@bpasite1.bpa.gov	11681	null	null
lawrence.lingbloom@sen.ca.gov	11682	null	null
connections@newpower.com	11683	null	null
coleen.a.hanna@constellation.com	11684	null	null
hanna@haas.berkeley.edu	11684	null	null
tracybogiel@garygreene.com	11685	null	null
daniel.ferrell@enron.com	11686	null	null
dirtyred2u@webtv.net	11687	null	null
johnna.morrison@enron.com	11688	null	null
spencer.vosko@enron.com	11689	null	null
tdelelli@westerngas.com	11690	null	null
mary.smith@enron.com	11691	null	null
bentley@enron.com	11692	null	null
eddie.zhang@enron.com	11693	null	null
buylow@houston.rr.com	11694	null	null
buylow@houstonrr.com	11694	null	null
buylow@wt.net	11694	null	null
jfyut@mail.com	11695	null	null
kathleen.hardeman@enron.com	11696	null	null
nancy.corbet@enron.com	11697	null	null
pam.benson@enron.com	11698	null	null
jpdoggett@riskwaters.com	11699	null	null
rkg@tozzini.com.br	11700	null	null
csaltsman@nrsc.org	11701	null	null
john_s_kamprud@reliantenergy.com	11702	null	null
brianscott67@hotmail.com	11703	null	null
arlgin48@aol.com	11704	null	null
tom.wilbeck@enron.com	11705	null	null
bcave@apga.org	11706	null	null
w..campbell@enron.com	11707	null	null
angela.williams@enron.com	11708	null	null
lonnie.hurst@enron.com	11709	null	null
richard.lauer@enron.com	11710	null	null
enron.everyone_ewc@enron.com	11711	null	null
john.handley@enron.com	11712	null	null
sheryl.gussett@reliantenergy.com	11713	null	null
sheryl_gussett@reliantenergy.com	11713	null	null
sheryl'.'gussett@enron.com	11713	null	null
mike.gunn@info.aa.com	11714	null	null
kathrynvanwie@msn.com	11715	null	null
stella.ely@enron.com	11716	null	null
andrew.ralston@enron.com	11717	null	null
a..aune@enron.com	11718	null	null
terry.lehn@enron.com	11719	null	null
tj.glauthier@hq.doe.gov	11720	null	null
jeremy.thirsk@enron.com	11721	null	null
ignacio.taveras@enron.com	11722	null	null
sarahreneehughes@hotmail.com	11723	null	null
mariachi.el@enron.com	11724	null	null
tmunk@houston.rr.com	11725	null	null
eulan121@yahoo.com	11726	null	null
alvarezj@coned.com	11727	null	null
onxt@msn.com	11728	null	null
stown@amerex.com	11729	null	null
gus.perez@enron.com	11730	null	null
energyvoice@txoga.org	11731	null	null
gmatero@markwest.com	11732	null	null
aladdin@customoffers.com	11733	null	null
christopher.bruce@morganstanley.com	11734	null	null
marketopshourahead@caiso.com	11735	null	null
plove@notes.enron.com	11736	null	null
plove@ect.enron.com	11736	null	null
plove@enron.com	11736	null	null
plove@houston.rr.com	11736	null	null
8d5h1uq3@msn.com	11737	null	null
djdobb@duke-energy.com	11738	null	null
jdistauloesq@aol.com	11739	null	null
todd.johnson.b@bayer.com	11740	null	null
eckels@enron.com	11741	null	null
choekenga@br-inc.com	11742	null	null
berney.aucoin@enron.com	11743	null	null
aucoin@enron.com	11743	null	null
tamara.hopkins@enron.com	11744	null	null
pfeifauf.mary@enron.com	11745	null	null
kal.shah@enron.com	11746	null	null
larry.palma@enron.com	11747	null	null
drweil@opt16.naviantnetwork.net	11748	null	null
fredshirley@earthlink.net	11749	null	null
nancyh@gmu.edu	11750	null	null
tstrawser@vitria.com	11751	null	null
michael.miller@enron.com	11752	null	null
ebswalker@enron.com	11753	null	null
carol.coats@enron.com	11754	null	null
jay_liberman@ml.com	11755	null	null
sheila.jarnot@enron.com	11756	null	null
lshen@tsmc.com	11757	null	null
dave.laipple@enron.com	11758	null	null
rwheeler@bubblescarwash.com	11759	null	null
rwheeler@caiso.com	11759	null	null
andy.rodriguez@enron.com	11760	null	null
a..rodriguez@enron.com	11760	null	null
tarah@arches.uga.edu	11761	null	null
orderreply@patagonia.com	11762	null	null
douglas.huth@enron.com	11763	null	null
h..douglas@enron.com	11763	null	null
david.sutton@shell.ca	11764	null	null
burrows@enron.com	11765	null	null
cmmetz@aep.com	11766	null	null
cannon_craig@yahoo.com	11767	null	null
mark.hagan@ubspainewebber.com	11768	null	null
metzgerbobbie@aol.com	11769	null	null
networkcommerce-rcac20011214@ombramarketing.com	11770	null	null
hotwiredeals@hotwire.m0.net	11771	null	null
peter.crilly@enron.com	11772	null	null
enron.payroll@enron.com	11773	null	null
payroll.enron@enron.com	11773	null	null
help.3a12_@mailman.enron.com	11774	null	null
reactions@reactionsnet.com	11775	null	null
reactions@enron.com	11775	null	null
reactions@euromoneyplc.com	11775	null	null
mhitchcock@isda-eur.org	11776	null	null
jim.cashion@enron.com	11777	null	null
vernon.mercaldo@dynegy.com	11778	null	null
vernon.mercaldo@enron.com	11778	null	null
mail_2_cathy@yahoo.com	11779	null	null
mckay.bernie@enron.com	11780	null	null
debbie.flores@enron.com	11781	null	null
rtc@cia-g.com	11782	null	null
robin.barbe@enron.com	11783	null	null
ptodd@uh.edu	11784	null	null
jgporter@midamerican.com	11785	null	null
youens.anna@enron.com	11786	null	null
anna.youens@hakluyt.co.uk	11786	null	null
processing@nfa.futures.org	11787	null	null
processing@customoffers.com	11787	null	null
hogue@enron.com	11788	null	null
dnadel@yahoo.com	11789	null	null
puranam@management.wharton.upenn.edu	11790	null	null
dave.onuscheck@us.abb.com	11791	null	null
strempel@gte.net	11792	null	null
sid.karpoff@ubsw.com	11793	null	null
menchoal@ecompare.com	11794	null	null
ann_gray@co.harris.tx.us	11795	null	null
ann_gray@itc.co.harris.tx.us	11795	null	null
vijay.suchdev@funb.com	11796	null	null
vijay.suchdev@enron.com	11796	null	null
'suchdev@enron.com	11796	null	null
jacqueline.kelly@schwab.com	11797	null	null
psqwypknar@mail2.emediatemail.com	11798	null	null
marvia.jefferson@enron.com	11799	null	null
yi.yan@enron.com	11800	null	null
mary.grif.gray@enron.com	11801	null	null
mary.gray@enron.com	11801	null	null
e.rusty.martin@accenture.com	11802	null	null
hme@clara.co.uk	11803	null	null
glenn.stovall@enron.com	11804	null	null
ian.sloman@enron.com	11805	null	null
fatimata.liamidi@enron.com	11806	null	null
suscriberspetroleumworld@hotmail.com	11807	null	null
energynews@fc.ease.lsoft.com	11808	null	null
energynews@peach.ease.lsoft.com	11808	null	null
jmsniffen@aep.com	11809	null	null
mburke@newenergy.com	11810	null	null
ksimmo2@entergy.com	11811	null	null
mgillaspie02@pjc.com	11812	null	null
scottgovenar@home.com	11813	null	null
beaulieu.lacee@enron.com	11814	null	null
dara.flinn@enron.com	11815	null	null
expediafaretracker_029978@expedia.customer-email.com	11816	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_051501@airmail.continental.com	11817	null	null
nicoled@tradefairgroup.com	11818	null	null
jeanette.doll@enron.com	11819	null	null
abcnewsnow-editor@mail.abcnews.go.com	11820	null	null
kimberly.friddle@enron.com	11821	null	null
tdkelley@ev1.net	11822	null	null
eisenbachrl@cooley.com	11823	null	null
amadinewed@aol.com	11824	null	null
bwax@ghg.net	11825	null	null
lisa.petruszka@enron.com	11826	null	null
erik.eller@enron.com	11827	null	null
newport-news_support@newport-news.chtah.com	11828	null	null
r..pena@enron.com	11829	null	null
bhayduk@newenergy.com	11830	null	null
shravan.chopra@enron.com	11831	null	null
pmg@enron.com	11832	null	null
pmg@blakes.com	11832	null	null
ohaseeb@ustcs.com	11833	null	null
rosie.resendez@enron.com	11834	null	null
hotwebcash@lists.adversend.com	11835	null	null
dhenry@br-inc.com	11836	null	null
631608@timormail.com	11837	null	null
annemoisan@hotmail.com	11838	null	null
beerlovers@saintarnold.com	11839	null	null
inanyevent@worldnet.att.net	11840	null	null
ferry_keith@hotmail.com	11841	null	null
rleong@rps.com	11842	null	null
dbeck4land@msn.com	11843	null	null
dbeck4land@dellnet.com	11843	null	null
jeff.johnson@enron.com	11844	null	null
brian.wesneske@enron.com	11845	null	null
eholm@aracnet.com	11846	null	null
jtholt1122@aol.com	11847	null	null
miguel.padron@enron.com	11848	null	null
sherlyn.schumack@enron.com	11849	null	null
murphymicha@coned.com	11850	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3309@lists.smartmoney.com	11851	null	null
jflorence@reliant.com	11852	null	null
mfujita@mri.co.jp	11853	null	null
s_ceritelli@hotmail.com	11854	null	null
michelle.minor@mirant.com	11855	null	null
bdsmith@alturaenergy.com	11856	null	null
'.'worthy@enron.com	11857	null	null
worthy@enron.com	11857	null	null
acooper2@columbus.rr.com	11858	null	null
gillikin.angie@enron.com	11859	null	null
kferrette@amunet.edu	11860	null	null
victoria.hale@dynegy.com	11861	null	null
bhallat@wharton.upenn.edu	11862	null	null
g97r@msn.com	11863	null	null
tneville@dsitoys.com	11864	null	null
donna.l.saunders@usa.dupont.com	11865	null	null
ceo@ofoto.com	11866	null	null
ceo@objectexchange.net	11866	null	null
rudyb@crodex.com	11867	null	null
dickerson.bill@enron.com	11868	null	null
dickerson@enron.com	11868	null	null
21f37ff37d8311d747cc521399e747cdfd2@tm03.net	11869	null	null
dsandefur@gmssr.com	11870	null	null
stanley.cocke@enron.com	11871	null	null
whalleylawrencg1992@alumni-gsb.stanford.edu	11872	null	null
lhand@lemle.com	11873	null	null
sblackwell00@aggienetwork.com	11874	null	null
nsterling@uniongas.com	11875	null	null
raquel.guerrero@enron.com	11876	null	null
greg.mcclendon@enron.com	11877	null	null
shifali.sharma@enron.com	11878	null	null
redwoods@haas.berkeley.edu	11879	null	null
ghultquist@hultquistcapital.com	11880	null	null
houstonchronicle-metro@chron-news.com	11881	null	null
will.downs@fidelity.com	11882	null	null
denis.crum@truequote.com	11883	null	null
rmelancon@simplecom.net	11884	null	null
wkeneally@bracepatt.com	11885	null	null
ailey179@yahoo.com	11886	null	null
dilia.ramos-cavazos@sabre.com	11887	null	null
dilia.ramos@sabre.com	11887	null	null
greg_carrow@valic.com	11888	null	null
janelle.scheuer@enron.com	11889	null	null
janelle@travelpark.com	11889	null	null
janelle@enron.com	11889	null	null
russell.appelget@enron.com	11890	null	null
www.ogmc.com@enron.com	11891	null	null
alan_reid@pcp.ca	11892	null	null
alan_reid@pancanadian.ca	11892	null	null
avorato@enron.com	11893	null	null
savebig1@lists.em5000.com	11894	null	null
kampmann.richard@enron.com	11895	null	null
kampmann'.'richard@enron.com	11895	null	null
claire.harvey@enron.com	11896	null	null
greg.concannon@enron.com	11897	null	null
kweisgerber@mindspring.com	11898	null	null
bone11@uole.com	11899	null	null
tracy.ralston@enron.com	11900	null	null
bankside@aol.com	11901	null	null
s.john.granmayeh@usa.conoco.com	11902	null	null
robert.mcgrory@enron.com	11903	null	null
ptouhy@wm.com	11904	null	null
per.sekse@enron.com	11905	null	null
finley.biggerstaff@enron.com	11906	null	null
laura.renouf@enron.com	11907	null	null
mmccall@sempratrading.com	11908	null	null
l..bouillion@enron.com	11909	null	null
tstockbridge@enron.com	11910	null	null
tstockbridge@velaw.com	11910	null	null
alliance-l@listserv.rice.edu	11911	null	null
rick.loveless@enron.com	11912	null	null
roberta.staehlin@enron.com	11913	null	null
george.robinson@enron.com	11914	null	null
murtagh.bryan@enron.com	11915	null	null
bryan.murtagh@ubsw.com	11915	null	null
felecia.adams@enron.com	11916	null	null
kitty.colgin@compaq.com	11917	null	null
kitty@salk.edu	11917	null	null
eddie.shaw@enron.com	11918	null	null
bandersn@loyno.edu	11919	null	null
richard.j.moller@marshmc.com	11920	null	null
tamika.hebert@enron.com	11921	null	null
theresa.zucha@enron.com	11922	null	null
mtcorboy@aol.com	11923	null	null
jporter2@newpower.com	11924	null	null
tom.field@ubsw.com	11925	null	null
kelly.boots@enron.com	11926	null	null
hlhunt@georgewbush.com	11927	null	null
hlhunt@gwbush.com	11927	null	null
gsheble@iastate.edu	11928	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide2@enron.com	11929	null	null
jpeter@andrews-kurth.com	11930	null	null
citm@haas.berkeley.edu	11931	null	null
jimm31@yahoo.com	11932	null	null
drew.ries@enron.com	11933	null	null
gujlung@ust.hk	11934	null	null
margieqtx@aol.com	11935	null	null
csteffensen@isda.org	11936	null	null
michelle.lee@enron.com	11937	null	null
jay.blaine@enron.com	11938	null	null
jay'.'blaine@enron.com	11938	null	null
jrigg@owlnet.rice.edu	11939	null	null
hswanson@keyspanenergy.com	11940	null	null
karen.ballesteros@enron.com	11941	null	null
jsd1@airmail.net	11942	null	null
dunc@home.com	11943	null	null
tom.poston@enron.com	11944	null	null
promotions@usairways.com	11945	null	null
promotions@sportingbetusa.com	11945	null	null
promotions@fantasygames.go.com	11945	null	null
aceanthony@excite.com	11946	null	null
cdolan@above.net	11947	null	null
qalhat.control@enron.com	11948	null	null
carrie.grin@enron.com	11949	null	null
elizabeth.bouldin@travelpark.com	11950	null	null
timothy_j_burt@fleet.com	11951	null	null
orlando.alvarado@williams.com	11952	null	null
diem.hallmark@williams.com	11953	null	null
mike.fink@enron.com	11954	null	null
walton.agnew@enron.com	11955	null	null
victor.leung@enron.com	11956	null	null
mholdaway@lucascareers.com	11957	null	null
ska@hoegh.no	11958	null	null
dcherry@bpa.gov	11959	null	null
stewart.seeligson@enron.com	11960	null	null
sally.alvarez@enron.com	11961	null	null
timothy.norton@enron.com	11962	null	null
r9394@redseven.de	11963	null	null
john.allario@enron.com	11964	null	null
butala@enron.com	11965	null	null
marc.sabine@enron.com	11966	null	null
annat@thotcapital.com	11967	null	null
rgatlin@cmgtx.com	11968	null	null
candace.womack@enron.com	11969	null	null
womack@tigfirstsource.com	11969	null	null
candace@evite.com	11969	null	null
candace@insymmetry.com	11969	null	null
home.allen@enron.com	11970	null	null
pracicot@enron.com	11971	null	null
lcw4@pge.com	11972	null	null
laurie.e.catlett@williams.com	11973	null	null
nayan.dattani@enron.com	11974	null	null
richard.walker@chase.com	11975	null	null
pbrandt@lrci.com	11976	null	null
levans@blackhillscorp.com	11977	null	null
lionb@sangmyung.ac.kr	11978	null	null
ras1119@hotmail.com	11979	null	null
andre.templeman@enron.com	11980	null	null
kmargolis@blairpc.com	11981	null	null
carson.jeff@enron.com	11982	null	null
susie.ayala@enron.com	11983	null	null
moe.bjarte@enron.com	11984	null	null
peter.berzins@enron.com	11985	null	null
3sc7107zloj@msn.com	11986	null	null
tgoodnight@amfm.com	11987	null	null
rsinbrilliance25@aol.com	11988	null	null
steve1519@yahoo.com	11989	null	null
michelle.o'connell@enron.com	11990	null	null
sempraalan@enron.com	11991	null	null
gjohnson@workingsol.com	11992	null	null
jon.thomsen@enron.com	11993	null	null
troach@greylock.com	11994	null	null
chairman.ken@enron.com	11995	null	null
nicole.cortez@enron.com	11996	null	null
jonathan.pershing@iea.org	11997	null	null
michelle.robichaux@enron.com	11998	null	null
patkirk@ozbytes.net.au	11999	null	null
kathy.john@enron.com	12000	null	null
john.griebling@enron.com	12001	null	null
john_griebling@palm.net	12001	null	null
jclark@pur.com	12002	null	null
texas.mba@bus.utexas.edu	12003	null	null
nateken@aol.com	12004	null	null
pieter1@earthlink.net	12005	null	null
jo.matson@enron.com	12006	null	null
mcrew@andromeda.rutgers.edu	12007	null	null
belmore@velaw.com	12008	null	null
pgerman@ong.com	12009	null	null
cherylbach@hotmail.com	12010	null	null
manning.simon@enron.com	12011	null	null
reiscast__wave_two.um.a.1013.228@reis-reports.unitymail.net	12012	null	null
ben.reyes@utility.com	12013	null	null
ose523@pacbell.os-0.com	12014	null	null
mark.confer@enron.com	12015	null	null
iplace.com@reply.phillips.com	12016	null	null
suzie.rich@neg.pge.com	12017	null	null
kbcoventry@yahoo.com	12018	null	null
i.mosqueira@ic.ac.uk	12019	null	null
lawfeder@enron.com	12020	null	null
lawfeder@msn.com	12020	null	null
lawfeder@email.msn.com	12020	null	null
iggy2@frontiernet.net	12021	null	null
myates@continuum-corp.com	12022	null	null
myates@paradigmgeo.com	12022	null	null
mpeters@enron.com	12023	null	null
agrubb@calnurses.org	12024	null	null
lana.belnoske@nesanet.org	12025	null	null
dahlia.hernandez@enron.com	12026	null	null
victoria.mcdaniel@enron.com	12027	null	null
kevin.whitehurst@enron.com	12028	null	null
398027.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	12029	null	null
maryse_zwick@weforum.org	12030	null	null
8889069876@skytel.com	12031	null	null
w..bradley@enron.com	12032	null	null
demetris@publicans.com	12033	null	null
rahman.pounds@enron.com	12034	null	null
rahman@enron.com	12034	null	null
lisa.mattingly@enron.com	12035	null	null
bud.wilcox@elpaso.com	12036	null	null
jwu@amerexenergy.com	12037	null	null
jwu@apx.com	12037	null	null
john.ryan@enron.com	12038	null	null
john.ryan@math.tamu.edu	12038	null	null
julie.benn@tmp.com	12039	null	null
benn@enron.com	12039	null	null
mbna.2@nfl1.ed10.net	12040	null	null
clarence.mitchell@opc.com	12041	null	null
sflick@frickart.org	12042	null	null
ldemby@aqua.org	12043	null	null
robin.webb@enron.com	12044	null	null
lorraine.friedland@enron.com	12045	null	null
jhunt@nicor.com	12046	null	null
morrison.alyssa@enron.com	12047	null	null
ccarver@alfers-carver.com	12048	null	null
vince.l@excite.com	12049	null	null
lonestarmusic@newsletter.lonestarmusic.com	12050	null	null
grace.corbin@christnerinc.com	12051	null	null
marcia_aronoff@environmentaldefense.org	12052	null	null
ahampshire-cowan@howard.edu	12053	null	null
bstengle@houston.quik.com	12054	null	null
john.hopley@enron.com	12055	null	null
godsearchtripod@yahoo.com	12056	null	null
rcqi20011026@ombramarketing.com	12057	null	null
ctodd@uh.edu	12058	null	null
ctodd@tigersportsproperties.com	12058	null	null
txol@io.com	12059	null	null
ds1141@velaw.com	12060	null	null
faheem.qavi@enron.com	12061	null	null
kdavis2075@aol.com	12062	null	null
cameron.johnson@wrei.com	12063	null	null
jwheeler@crstemphousing.com	12064	null	null
tickets-email@onsale.ticketmaster.com	12065	null	null
tickets@auburn.edu	12065	null	null
mackle@mediaone.net	12066	null	null
david.dutch@entergykoch.com	12067	null	null
derenda_l_plunkett@reliantenergy.com	12068	null	null
derenda.plunkett@enron.com	12068	null	null
herrold.david@enron.com	12069	null	null
mmottesi@milbank.com	12070	null	null
bmcmackin@yahoo.com	12071	null	null
ron.girard@enron.com	12072	null	null
reidstav@houston.rr.com	12073	null	null
yoneko19@hotmail.com	12074	null	null
lowell.bezanis@enron.com	12075	null	null
dan.boyle@enron.com	12076	null	null
jdasovi@ect.enron.com	12077	null	null
freesrj@apci.com	12078	null	null
gr2915@aol.com	12079	null	null
londonwilliams@enron.com	12080	null	null
dan.lyons@enron.com	12081	null	null
team.san-juan@enron.com	12082	null	null
s..bradford@enron.com	12083	null	null
eric.ramiro@enron.com	12084	null	null
jay_elms@hotmail.com	12085	null	null
magajihassan@madmail.com	12086	null	null
georgeanne.hodges@enron.com	12087	null	null
ehvaughan@vnsm.com	12088	null	null
metcalf@energy.ca.gov	12089	null	null
kevin.altit@enron.com	12090	null	null
agrasso@exchange.ml.com	12091	null	null
leonardo.cardoso@enron.com	12092	null	null
gfergus@brobeck.com	12093	null	null
gfergus@gibbs-bruns.com	12093	null	null
gfergus@brobek.com	12093	null	null
b.swanson@enron.com	12094	null	null
swanson@enron.com	12094	null	null
joe.a.casas@enron.com	12095	null	null
a..casas@enron.com	12095	null	null
john.powell@enron.com	12096	null	null
lauandrews@yahoo.com	12097	null	null
mike.britt@enron.com	12098	null	null
unify.group@enron.com	12099	null	null
disneyworldnews@disneyonline.com	12100	null	null
everyone_at_ees_california@enron.com	12101	null	null
margaret_kean@duchesne.org	12102	null	null
misha.siegel@enron.com	12103	null	null
f�lles.leklint@enron.com	12104	null	null
rcotten@enron.com	12105	null	null
fingerhut@offertizements.com	12106	null	null
majors.caldwell@caminus.com	12107	null	null
nielsenj@bus.orst.edu	12108	null	null
msaade@uwtgc.org	12109	null	null
labdsc@womans.com	12110	null	null
tim.prude@rrc.state.tx.us	12111	null	null
dsmith@teksystems.com	12112	null	null
eric.ellwanger@elpaso.com	12113	null	null
eric.ellwanger@cmenergy.com	12113	null	null
sbrinkman@energyusa.com	12114	null	null
dooleys@coned.com	12115	null	null
dave.nommensen@enron.com	12116	null	null
rincon@enron.com	12117	null	null
paul.mattson@enron.com	12118	null	null
mattson@enron.com	12118	null	null
continentalvacations@lists.coolvacations.com	12119	null	null
marian.bryant@enron.com	12120	null	null
floretta@enron.com	12121	null	null
patwalk1248@oceanfree.net	12122	null	null
insynconline.67y511-1.d@insync-palm.com	12123	null	null
rwhitehead@cinergy.com	12124	null	null
jeldredge@velaw.com	12125	null	null
dtedesco@duke-energy.com	12126	null	null
stathis.tompaidis@bus.utexas.edu	12127	null	null
m.klyasheff@pecorp.com	12128	null	null
teigland@sullcrom.com	12129	null	null
dean.drozdiak@enron.com	12130	null	null
rmetcalfe@isda-eur.org	12131	null	null
dailyquote@smtp.quote.com	12132	null	null
duconge.sarah@enron.com	12133	null	null
ellopez@enron.com	12134	null	null
ellopez@paalp.com	12134	null	null
albrecht.becky@enron.com	12135	null	null
cchapman@haas.berkeley.edu	12136	null	null
cedwards@menil.org	12137	null	null
lily.guerra@enron.com	12138	null	null
lily@mailfromftd.com	12138	null	null
cesherman@hahnlaw.com	12139	null	null
tiger3300@aol.com	12140	null	null
mmcole@verner.com	12141	null	null
robert.johnston@enron.com	12142	null	null
tim.kissner@enron.com	12143	null	null
mcarroll@bracepatt.com	12144	null	null
mcarroll@haas.berkeley.edu	12144	null	null
mcarroll@texas.net	12144	null	null
curtiwpreston23@trewalter.freeserve.co.uk	12145	null	null
mfdolan@jonesday.com	12146	null	null
applicationservice@bdcimail.com	12147	null	null
katy.dahlman@enron.com	12148	null	null
t.campbell@enron.com	12149	null	null
jrnels@sunvalley.net	12150	null	null
jenny.a.joyce@exxonmobil.com	12151	null	null
wes.dempsey@enron.com	12152	null	null
shubh.shrivastava@enron.com	12153	null	null
mccoyh@fiu.edu	12154	null	null
carrie.blaskowski@enron.com	12155	null	null
alonesgroupinc@aol.com	12156	null	null
alonesgroupinc@gateway.net	12156	null	null
maxfieldkeller99@yahoo.com	12157	null	null
dcrawford@davis.ca	12158	null	null
josabank_online.um.a.12.602@vremail.com	12159	null	null
steven.pike@elpaso.com	12160	null	null
chriscobb@akllp.com	12161	null	null
laura.wente@enron.com	12162	null	null
leo.nichols@enron.com	12163	null	null
ba278-1@haas.berkeley.edu	12164	null	null
pmiller@osbar.org	12165	null	null
dcreed@milbank.com	12166	null	null
kathy.axford@enron.com	12167	null	null
holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	12168	null	null
bstclair@msn.com	12169	null	null
bstclair@dellnet.com	12169	null	null
ghrap@petro-canada.ca	12170	null	null
pattie_sellers@fortunemail.com	12171	null	null
duane_kokinda@kindermorgan.com	12172	null	null
james.k.hemore@us.arthurandersen.com	12173	null	null
ami.thakkar@enron.com	12174	null	null
psteitz@wppisys.org	12175	null	null
sgreenberg@realenergy.com	12176	null	null
sgreenberg@glocap.com	12176	null	null
a..gomez@enron.com	12177	null	null
patrick.conner@enron.com	12178	null	null
caboom@accessus.net	12179	null	null
w..donovan@enron.com	12180	null	null
flthomqm@aol.com	12181	null	null
loftuslea@worldnet.att.net	12182	null	null
loftuslea@worldnet.att.com	12182	null	null
ahmedxii@yahoo.com	12183	null	null
chris.jantz@enron.com	12184	null	null
lawrence.clayton@constellation.com	12185	null	null
lawrence.clayton@enron.com	12185	null	null
lawrence_clayton@eott.com	12185	null	null
pheath@velaw.com	12186	null	null
dana.alexander@enron.com	12187	null	null
d.alexander@enron.com	12187	null	null
jbsm@ypcnm.com	12188	null	null
philip.zerrillo@bus.utexas.edu	12189	null	null
'beverley@enron.com	12190	null	null
shonnie.daniel@enron.com	12191	null	null
mark.wolf@enron.com	12192	null	null
'wolf@enron.com	12192	null	null
activeleads6976@eudoramail.com	12193	null	null
mcadoo.gayle@enron.com	12194	null	null
marcus.richards@enron.com	12195	null	null
changang@swbell.net	12196	null	null
jeremy.mills@enron.com	12197	null	null
charles200064@aol.com	12198	null	null
alerios@entelchile.net	12199	null	null
swingkid_caf@hotmail.com	12200	null	null
sandra.elliott@ferc.fed.us	12201	null	null
k.seethayya@enron.com	12202	null	null
murielmcfarling@akllp.com	12203	null	null
creativewisdom@home.com	12204	null	null
freepresent@dmlogix.com	12205	null	null
plucci@ect.enron.com	12206	null	null
plucci@enron.com	12206	null	null
julie.green@enron.com	12207	null	null
rafael.herrera@ubspainewebber.com	12208	null	null
'herrera@enron.com	12208	null	null
shawnee.claiborn-pinto@puc.state.tx.us	12209	null	null
shawnee.claiborn-pinto@pus.state.tx.us	12209	null	null
val.generes@accenture.com	12210	null	null
val.generes@ac.com	12210	null	null
patrick.reedy@enron.com	12211	null	null
ewolfin@watersinfo.com	12212	null	null
alfredo.goyburu@wefa.com	12213	null	null
dave.fuller@enron.com	12214	null	null
sbmnewsletter@michbar.org	12215	null	null
eloise.meza@enron.com	12216	null	null
harnekm@hotmail.com	12217	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_north_america2@enron.com	12218	null	null
echota_k23@hotmail.com	12219	null	null
pn21@qwest.net	12220	null	null
charles.ray@enron.com	12221	null	null
celeahy@hotmail.com	12222	null	null
sheila.knudsen@enron.com	12223	null	null
cdick@mccoyinc.com	12224	null	null
greg.f.piper@enron.com	12225	null	null
alexia.pearce@enron.com	12226	null	null
s.jack.ehrig@arthurandersen.com	12227	null	null
rchaytors@xenergy.com	12228	null	null
dfsintl@swbell.net	12229	null	null
dfsintl@swbell.com	12229	null	null
fblack@greerherz.com	12230	null	null
frank_afranji@pgn.com	12231	null	null
afranji.frank@enron.com	12231	null	null
frank.afranji@enron.com	12231	null	null
richardleal@houston.rr.com	12232	null	null
mmotley@enron.com	12233	null	null
veronica.arriaga@enron.com	12234	null	null
amber.dawn@enron.com	12235	null	null
amber@eem.org	12235	null	null
cskinner@cabotlng.com	12236	null	null
webb.jennings@enron.com	12237	null	null
hx4k@msn.com	12238	null	null
eebert@wvu.edu	12239	null	null
christine_engstrom@fanniemae.com	12240	null	null
dennis.alters@enron.com	12241	null	null
dalef@dgpowerinc.com	12242	null	null
pdouglas@salus.net	12243	null	null
joe.halprin@newpower.com	12244	null	null
uncle.pc@worldnet.att.net	12245	null	null
piazze@management.wharton.upenn.edu	12246	null	null
piazze@wharton.upenn.edu	12246	null	null
elamprecht@encompserv.com	12247	null	null
hasan.imam@enron.com	12248	null	null
winchan@haas.berkeley.edu	12249	null	null
essie.locklear@enron.com	12250	null	null
kgh1021@yahoo.com	12251	null	null
maureen.craig@enron.com	12252	null	null
rick.suttle@enron.com	12253	null	null
cbrashear@velaw.com	12254	null	null
kent.densley@enron.com	12255	null	null
mandy.mackinnon@enron.com	12256	null	null
kpaakaula@cera.com	12257	null	null
louis.colarusso@enron.com	12258	null	null
john.somerhalder@elpaso.com	12259	null	null
somerhalder.john@enron.com	12259	null	null
ladonna.avery@enron.com	12260	null	null
slobel@cwt.com	12261	null	null
executiveteam@uwtgc.org	12262	null	null
rhirasuna@akingump.com	12263	null	null
values@weatherbug.com	12264	null	null
jeff.wolfe@enron.com	12265	null	null
gurdip.saluja@enron.com	12266	null	null
chegarty@dataway.com	12267	null	null
ricardom@pdvsa.com	12268	null	null
gregg.young@enron.com	12269	null	null
jybrewster@swidlaw.com	12270	null	null
julie.delahay@enron.com	12271	null	null
sfordham@netversant.com	12272	null	null
kahl55@hotmail.com	12273	null	null
mudlaw@swbell.net	12274	null	null
kevin.fougere@blakes.com	12275	null	null
jann.leeder@nhmccd.edu	12276	null	null
'leeder@enron.com	12276	null	null
victor.gonzalez@enron.com	12277	null	null
gnemec@ect.enron.com	12278	null	null
gnemec@houston.rr.com	12278	null	null
gnemec@enron.com	12278	null	null
dessauer@investorplace.com	12279	null	null
michael.bodnar@enron.com	12280	null	null
hopeful@glay.org	12281	null	null
ceganne@dow.com	12282	null	null
jkennedy@utilicorp.com	12283	null	null
lgras91577@aol.com	12284	null	null
f17433@sapo.pt	12285	null	null
elizabeth.johnston@enron.com	12286	null	null
l..carson@enron.com	12287	null	null
ron.hulme@mckinsey.com	12288	null	null
ron_hulme@mckinsey.com	12288	null	null
ndrgroup@att.net	12289	null	null
cscalger@attbi.com	12290	null	null
freeteenz5211@flashmail.com	12291	null	null
rodolfo.freyre@enron.com	12292	null	null
a22328@kimo.com.tw	12293	null	null
cernebp@chevrontexaco.com	12294	null	null
tony.spruiell@enron.com	12295	null	null
cdownard@vailresorts.com	12296	null	null
lyris-confirm-28888j@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	12297	null	null
u@d.h	12298	null	null
fgetman@houstonstreet.com	12299	null	null
fgetman@baycorpholdings.com	12299	null	null
chrisroy@airliquide.com	12300	null	null
mtierney@sempra.com	12301	null	null
dswearinge@dlj.com	12302	null	null
onn".'"ehud@enron.com	12303	null	null
gary.peng@enron.com	12304	null	null
afoster@hampshire.edu	12305	null	null
lfaucheaux@gspcorp.com	12306	null	null
chad.starnes@enron.com	12307	null	null
jdn@karnopp.com	12308	null	null
r-8-62757-3666190-2-2683-us2-1c63ffe4@xmr3.com	12309	null	null
ploftus@quadraenergy.com	12310	null	null
smeyer@bear.com	12311	null	null
glenn.darrah@enron.com	12312	null	null
darrah@enron.com	12312	null	null
pahlbrand@indy.rr.com	12313	null	null
dave.childress@enron.com	12314	null	null
shemin.proctor@enron.com	12315	null	null
shemin@enron.com	12315	null	null
rowen@txu.com	12316	null	null
lisbeth.guerrero@morganstanley.com	12317	null	null
john.g.rigby@enron.com	12318	null	null
john.rigby@enron.com	12318	null	null
g..rigby@enron.com	12318	null	null
dot_rothrock@hotmail.com	12319	null	null
gpereira7@hotmail.com	12320	null	null
rkhansen@hansenbaxschiffer.com	12321	null	null
pat.flavin@enron.com	12322	null	null
sc7k@andrew.cmu.edu	12323	null	null
agah1@bloomberg.net	12324	null	null
ryan.langan@ripcity.com	12325	null	null
william.krenz@enron.com	12326	null	null
jstamas@carolina.rr.com	12327	null	null
marion.cole@enron.com	12328	null	null
pwilliford@projectgrad.org	12329	null	null
gsnapka@eadslink.com	12330	null	null
marie.berry@enron.com	12331	null	null
c@enron.com	12332	null	null
tatalyan@acc.am	12333	null	null
gmat@ets.org	12334	null	null
tamara.l.utsch@ca.pwcglobal.com	12335	null	null
mcastano@enron.com	12336	null	null
chood2@enron.com	12337	null	null
james.love@msl.redstone.army.mil	12338	null	null
ted.hall@enron.com	12339	null	null
msagel@home.com	12340	null	null
msagel@comcast.net	12340	null	null
eugene.peabody@enron.com	12341	null	null
eugene@haas.berkeley.edu	12341	null	null
robert.parry@enron.com	12342	null	null
lsacerdote@prodigy.net	12343	null	null
brian.cruver@enron.com	12344	null	null
michelle_lee37@hotmail.com	12345	null	null
jelder@pdq.net	12346	null	null
gdorfman@ogwb.com	12347	null	null
arta@houston.rr.com	12348	null	null
7409950@skytel.com	12349	null	null
shapp@caiso.com	12350	null	null
sutton.willard@enron.com	12351	null	null
soma.ghosh@enron.com	12352	null	null
sean.lalani@enron.com	12353	null	null
darren.dkc.cavanaugh@enron.com	12354	null	null
tonai.lehr@enron.com	12355	null	null
insynconline.63flh304.d@insync-palm.com	12356	null	null
jcicchino@prebon.com	12357	null	null
ddominy@irr.com	12358	null	null
host@mailman.enron.com	12359	null	null
rossi@enron.com	12360	null	null
evan.betzer@enron.com	12361	null	null
kalport@hotmail.com	12362	null	null
allen.hill@enron.com	12363	null	null
oshaugws@bp.com	12364	null	null
jleone@ppcpdx.org	12365	null	null
confirm_4_73e929022c4161feb360f65714d1222a61ae783d90b93edabe659e4ef3b1a099_dfarmer770@newman.oscar.aol.com	12366	null	null
pgolden@lockeliddell.com	12367	null	null
taperkin@southernco.com	12368	null	null
mcartwr@enron.com	12369	null	null
george.del@enron.com	12370	null	null
allen.wilhite@enron.com	12371	null	null
lubowski@visa.com	12372	null	null
lily.barnett@duchesne.org	12373	null	null
knaupe@dwlaw.com	12374	null	null
ahafner2@csc.com	12375	null	null
peter.abrell@enron.com	12376	null	null
austina@conedsolutions.com	12377	null	null
cloegering@mariner-energy.com	12378	null	null
fatschott@hotmail.com	12379	null	null
rachelotten@hotmail.com	12380	null	null
kathy_krampien@adp.com	12381	null	null
melissa.dozier@enron.com	12382	null	null
alli.parent@enron.com	12383	null	null
alli_parent@enron.net	12383	null	null
expediafaretracker_021018@expedia.customer-email.com	12384	null	null
michael.olsen@enron.com	12385	null	null
cyntia.distefano@enron.com	12386	null	null
dmgobely@duke-energy.com	12387	null	null
candace.kyle@enron.com	12388	null	null
bhederman@icfconsulting.com	12389	null	null
sandi.braband@enron.com	12390	null	null
lisa.aadal@msdw.com	12391	null	null
ccampbel@tosco.com	12392	null	null
ccampbel@kslaw.com	12392	null	null
bdb9@pge.com	12393	null	null
joeminniece@mindspring.com	12394	null	null
joeminniece@gumps.com	12394	null	null
laurie.mayer@enron.com	12395	null	null
david.terlip@enron.com	12396	null	null
jenders@dailytidings.com	12397	null	null
jenders@ap.org	12397	null	null
mark.paling@accenture.com	12398	null	null
abs182@psu.edu	12399	null	null
annette.patrick@enron.com	12400	null	null
marsha.schiller@enron.com	12401	null	null
robtaylor@akllp.com	12402	null	null
robtaylor@andrews-kurth.com	12402	null	null
rrichards@milbank.com	12403	null	null
reginald.yancey@enron.com	12404	null	null
shawn.calloway@enron.com	12405	null	null
alla.gil@ssmb.com	12406	null	null
lacima@compuserve.com	12407	null	null
michael.marryott@enron.com	12408	null	null
robert.kilmer@enron.com	12409	null	null
a..boe@enron.com	12410	null	null
mcnamara.tim@enron.com	12411	null	null
jennifers@hiresynergy.com	12412	null	null
loren.rosenberg@southernenergy.com	12413	null	null
globalvoice@globalpartnerships.org	12414	null	null
dpef@blakes.ca	12415	null	null
dpef@home.com	12415	null	null
dpef@blakes.com	12415	null	null
tsrdock@mcn.org	12416	null	null
batoomey@srpnet.com	12417	null	null
epsonstoreorders@ea.epson.com	12418	null	null
sufly1@email.msn.com	12419	null	null
samuel.schott@enron.com	12420	null	null
apatterson@sdge.com	12421	null	null
andreas.simou@garp.com	12422	null	null
andreas.simou@dynamic-events.com	12422	null	null
andreas.simou@enron.com	12422	null	null
support.dl-tagg@enron.com	12423	null	null
boconnell@venturewire.com	12424	null	null
jwg101@aol.com	12425	null	null
cab5@compassbnk.com	12426	null	null
travis.cherry@enform.com	12427	null	null
mmyers@spragueenergy.com	12428	null	null
isero_alicia@gsb.stanford.edu	12429	null	null
marketingqualitygroup@caiso.com	12430	null	null
fwalker1647@rbxfv.usa.net	12431	null	null
health.center@enron.com	12432	null	null
health_center@enron.com	12432	null	null
eddie.clay@enron.com	12433	null	null
mycpa@danielrosscpa.com	12434	null	null
chris.sherman@enron.com	12435	null	null
cindy_evangelista@cemexusa.com	12436	null	null
dearthman@houston.rr.com	12437	null	null
mbx_expertfinder@enron.com	12438	null	null
vferraz@elektro.com.br	12439	null	null
lorie.hernandez@enron.com	12440	null	null
l..hernandez@enron.com	12440	null	null
pyde@velaw.com	12441	null	null
kirk.stewart@enron.com	12442	null	null
stuart.ffoulkes@enron.com	12443	null	null
2.4200.15-ogttoksylojb.1@cda01.cdnow.com	12444	null	null
ancel@sommerbarnard.com	12445	null	null
jaime_gualy@enron.net	12446	null	null
jaime.gualy@enron.com	12446	null	null
marlin.gubser@enron.com	12447	null	null
david.borcyk@enron.com	12448	null	null
glueguy@easystreet.com	12449	null	null
kiske-business@enron.com	12450	null	null
business@lists.economist.com	12450	null	null
business@sunday-times.co.uk	12450	null	null
business@tamu.edu	12450	null	null
business@powerhiring.com	12450	null	null
fasttake@fastcompany.com	12451	null	null
mark.ng@enron.com	12452	null	null
orbitzdeals@email.orbitz.com	12453	null	null
pettway@mailman.enron.com	12454	null	null
ltaylor@heidrick.com	12455	null	null
ltaylor@h-s.com	12455	null	null
ltaylor@cysive.com	12455	null	null
mario.bellomo@icansp.com	12456	null	null
villcats@aol.com	12457	null	null
greg_j_ball@hotmail.com	12458	null	null
wragals@ssd.com	12459	null	null
emma2100@mediaone.net	12460	null	null
bernard.murphy@caminus.com	12461	null	null
michael.croffie@enron.com	12462	null	null
john.kiani-aslani@enron.com	12463	null	null
john.kiani@enron.com	12463	null	null
agapefndg@enron.com	12464	null	null
naomi.brown@enron.com	12465	null	null
gilc@usmcoc.org	12466	null	null
kit.blair@enron.com	12467	null	null
kit@enron.com	12467	null	null
victoria_crossin@nstaronline.com	12468	null	null
victoria_crossin@instaronline.com	12468	null	null
wcash@houston.rr.com	12469	null	null
wcash@mindspring.com	12469	null	null
hopebello@truthmail.com	12470	null	null
aaron.gould@pseg.com	12471	null	null
krcasad@bpa.gov	12472	null	null
pcoon@ercot-iso.com	12473	null	null
pcoon@ercot.com	12473	null	null
rainlie@isda.org	12474	null	null
sweetdeals@streetmail.com	12475	null	null
sweetdeals@sweepsclub.com	12475	null	null
victor.a.burk@us.arthurandersen.com	12476	null	null
gpg.center@enron.com	12477	null	null
sortiz@emta.org	12478	null	null
hls@kcsenergy.com	12479	null	null
lcorredo@csc.com	12480	null	null
stehanie.panus@enron.com	12481	null	null
don.vignaroli@dynegy.com	12482	null	null
kishkill@enron.com	12483	null	null
351444.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	12484	null	null
baker.allan@enron.com	12485	null	null
gary.fitch@enron.com	12486	null	null
terry.pickul@usa.conoco.com	12487	null	null
713529-7757@enron.com	12488	null	null
olaveson.angela@enron.com	12489	null	null
420@cs.com	12490	null	null
cindy.feldman@enron.com	12491	null	null
carolyn.perry@enron.com	12492	null	null
jblackwell@luce.com	12493	null	null
jblackwell@insiteobjects.com	12493	null	null
christopher_knudsen@hotmail.com	12494	null	null
witt@bestweb.net	12495	null	null
p..stein@enron.com	12496	null	null
nish.patel@enron.com	12497	null	null
kimberly.dees@enron.com	12498	null	null
521034zgb6@msn.com	12499	null	null
dvd.user@mailman.enron.com	12500	null	null
greg.haynes@commerzbankib.com	12501	null	null
smester@cwt.com	12502	null	null
juantontomatoe@yahoo.com	12503	null	null
davidsmith@open2win.oi3.net	12504	null	null
ecare@dynegydirect.com	12505	null	null
jim_theiler@msn.com	12506	null	null
lavinia.junqueira@itau.com.br	12507	null	null
tom.siekman@enron.com	12508	null	null
tom.siekman@compaq.com	12508	null	null
cliff.evans@enron.com	12509	null	null
andrew.branan@creativeloafing.com	12510	null	null
kelly.mcmillan@ubs.com	12511	null	null
kazburns@aol.com	12512	null	null
ashouse@velaw.com	12513	null	null
prestojj@aol.com	12514	null	null
dcarter@allmort.com	12515	null	null
mingchenglian@aol.com	12516	null	null
sangelo@fsaelgin.org	12517	null	null
hscaldwe@southernco.com	12518	null	null
william.crooks@enron.com	12519	null	null
jeffrey.m.keenan@enron.com	12520	null	null
jeffrey.keenan@enron.com	12520	null	null
kelly.lombardi@enron.com	12521	null	null
iconsnwbdr@aol.com	12522	null	null
nberan@rice.edu	12523	null	null
adamk@nepco.com	12524	null	null
adamk@exchange.ml.com	12524	null	null
adamk@ml.com	12524	null	null
adamk@sheltercorp.com	12524	null	null
mobleypa@bipc.com	12525	null	null
aweissman@energyvg.com	12526	null	null
andrew.williams@enron.com	12527	null	null
rod.sayers@enron.com	12528	null	null
andrew.p.vo@accenture.com	12529	null	null
mannie@parosons.ca	12530	null	null
wnemec@ikon.com	12531	null	null
joannie.willamson@enron.com	12532	null	null
aiaz_kazi@versata.com	12533	null	null
kazi@haas.berkeley.edu	12533	null	null
curtis_johnson@yahoo.com	12534	null	null
aweber@utilicorp.com	12535	null	null
1.10043390.-1@multexinvestornetwork.com	12536	null	null
jimb@barksdalegroup.com	12537	null	null
jimb@ieor.berkeley.edu	12537	null	null
jaiprakash.desai@enron.com	12538	null	null
lizjordan@hotmail.com	12539	null	null
advisory.council@enron.com	12540	null	null
lisa.best@enron.com	12541	null	null
dmoorehead@pattonboggs.com	12542	null	null
rodf@telusplanet.net	12543	null	null
hraitt@energy.state.ca.us	12544	null	null
ursula.brenner@enron.com	12545	null	null
djah1@yahoo.com	12546	null	null
gwhalley@enron.com	12547	null	null
rgmcgrath@aol.com	12548	null	null
recordp@southwestern.com	12549	null	null
recordp@southwestern.edu	12549	null	null
rivest@gmpvt.com	12550	null	null
j..brody@enron.com	12551	null	null
terrieg@uclink4.berkeley.edu	12552	null	null
aykelemen@dellnet.com	12553	null	null
hershell.ezrin@gpcinternational.com	12554	null	null
monica.hwang@enron.com	12555	null	null
jmichalek@cabotlng.com	12556	null	null
jmichalek@tractebellng.com	12556	null	null
kdrouet@enron.com	12557	null	null
kdrouet@molecularelectronics.com	12557	null	null
kdrouet@iexalt.net	12557	null	null
wirelessservice@sweepsclub.com	12558	null	null
mutaz.mallak@enron.com	12559	null	null
gramos@rtf.spiderlink.net	12560	null	null
williamsj@iconus.com	12561	null	null
johnlavorato@palm.net	12562	null	null
brenden.oneil@koch-entergy.com	12563	null	null
lasts@216.173.29.238	12564	null	null
kelly_smith@customoffers.com	12565	null	null
kgill@gsb.uchicago.edu	12566	null	null
duncan.croasdale@enron.com	12567	null	null
robinhold@enron.com	12568	null	null
mferullo@negm.com	12569	null	null
jasultan@adgas.co.ae	12570	null	null
mkearns@rutherfordconsulting.com	12571	null	null
annelouis@dwt.com	12572	null	null
frank'.'agostino@enron.com	12573	null	null
ronald.mentan@enron.com	12574	null	null
'ho@enron.com	12575	null	null
bw@e-mailprovider.net	12576	null	null
twin71251@aol.com	12577	null	null
rmichelson@mdbe.com	12578	null	null
roger.estrada@enron.com	12579	null	null
e..estrada@enron.com	12579	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_north_america@enron.com	12580	null	null
jworman@academyofhealth.com	12581	null	null
philip.herman@enron.com	12582	null	null
craig.evans@bus.utexas.edu	12583	null	null
books-news@amazon.com	12584	null	null
books@teamfreeze.com	12584	null	null
michele_farrell@pgn.com	12585	null	null
michele.farrell@enron.com	12585	null	null
george.vaughn@exxonmobil.com	12586	null	null
rubyk@networkinterstate.com	12587	null	null
heather.choate@enron.com	12588	null	null
caltech@ns.net	12589	null	null
lien.nguyen@enron.com	12590	null	null
ed.dowling@msl.redstone.army.mil	12591	null	null
thank_you@customoffers.com	12592	null	null
thank_you@newsletters.businessweek.com	12592	null	null
perspectives-request@mail-list.com	12593	null	null
xgyomef@france-mail.com	12594	null	null
pedro.barcelo@enron.com	12595	null	null
oynkznhfqeiyohwq@biggiemsn.com	12596	null	null
gus.eghneim@enron.com	12597	null	null
lwright@enron.com	12598	null	null
dean_t_isa@calpx.com	12599	null	null
renata.maziarz@enron.com	12600	null	null
maziarz@bellsouth.net	12600	null	null
john.addison@enron.com	12601	null	null
addison@enron.com	12601	null	null
nasakid@aol.com	12602	null	null
stan.nelson@enron.com	12603	null	null
kelly.boyd@asm.ca.gov	12604	null	null
rlee@waltonemc.com	12605	null	null
johnwal@swbell.net	12606	null	null
cgtpscontracts@pge.com	12607	null	null
dave.carboneau@enron.com	12608	null	null
confirm_4_7ee084bfade9dcf9346769750a533ec170809393521532678c636f9c49095757_dfarmer770@newman.oscar.aol.com	12609	null	null
palminc_.61f7kzqb.d@insync-palm.com	12610	null	null
kim.perkins@enron.com	12611	null	null
jerome_alder@dell.com	12612	null	null
kwright@momentumcars.com	12613	null	null
kimberly.hillis@enron.com	12614	null	null
sql2@netscape.net	12615	null	null
weyoung@earthlink.net	12616	null	null
murray.oneil@enron.com	12617	null	null
njsaari@cmsenergy.com	12618	null	null
phil.echegoyen@enron.com	12619	null	null
valerie.vela@enron.com	12620	null	null
heatherly69@aol.com	12621	null	null
bevans48@prodigy.net	12622	null	null
james.lewis@enron.com	12623	null	null
8777865122@skytel.com	12624	null	null
tammerriol.smith@dhs.state.tx.us	12625	null	null
4.ews@enron.com	12626	null	null
rc@mail.greeting-cards.com	12627	null	null
btheaker@caiso.com	12628	null	null
hpatrick@gmssr.com	12629	null	null
m.s.@enron.com	12630	null	null
s64@cyrus.andrew.cmu.edu	12631	null	null
ttowell@scidesign.com	12632	null	null
thomas.d.gros@enron.com	12633	null	null
thomas.gros@enron.com	12633	null	null
d..gros@enron.com	12633	null	null
otis.aust@enron.com	12634	null	null
shanna.husser@enron.com	12635	null	null
rick.gieryn@ace-ina.com	12636	null	null
qqqh6szta7cg@hotmail.com	12637	null	null
jcampbzz@csc.com	12638	null	null
dasyuan@yahoo.com	12639	null	null
ramon.alvarez@enron.com	12640	null	null
webteam@paloalto.com	12641	null	null
webteam@enron.com	12641	null	null
debner@jpi.com	12642	null	null
lori_rauser@iroquois.com	12643	null	null
mkarras@vertiflex.com	12644	null	null
mralvarez@shellus.com	12645	null	null
verlene.metzler@enron.com	12646	null	null
shannacfa@aol.com	12647	null	null
marybeth@monm.edu	12648	null	null
marybeth@enron.com	12648	null	null
ghosei@rice.edu	12649	null	null
ghosei@ruf.rice.edu	12649	null	null
thomas.riehle@ipsos-reid.com	12650	null	null
julie.daren@enron.com	12651	null	null
adentiii@houston.rr.com	12652	null	null
vstoiani@yahoo.com	12653	null	null
strategicresearchinstitute@sriconference.com	12654	null	null
all.list@enron.com	12655	null	null
nexustechn@processrequest.com	12656	null	null
bizop@btamail.net.cn	12657	null	null
marcelo.alves@enron.com	12658	null	null
debbie.busch@enron.com	12659	null	null
yauch.janet@enron.com	12660	null	null
steve_williams@eogresources.com	12661	null	null
danny.campbell@enron.com	12662	null	null
luis.montoya@enron.com	12663	null	null
jean-sebastien.fontaine@enron.com	12664	null	null
timothy.swanson@ssmb.com	12665	null	null
dart.arnaez@enron.com	12666	null	null
futurecard@mediatrec.com	12667	null	null
dcf@fullenweider.com	12668	null	null
r..stark@enron.com	12669	null	null
aeiger1068@pacbell.net	12670	null	null
chris.unger@enron.com	12671	null	null
kathyp@together.net	12672	null	null
neel.lemon@bakerbotts.com	12673	null	null
legalnotices-b@bounces.amazon.com	12674	null	null
smaynes@globalcrossing.com	12675	null	null
smitsh@akllp.com	12676	null	null
ykdpftzuel@hotmail.com	12677	null	null
nam.nguyen@powersrc.com	12678	null	null
jeffrey.mcclellan@enron.com	12679	null	null
dennis.g.whaten@williams.com	12680	null	null
sheila_kelly@cdnoxy.com	12681	null	null
jcinquini@x.com	12682	null	null
groups.dl-isc@enron.com	12683	null	null
groups.isc@enron.com	12683	null	null
isc.groups@enron.com	12683	null	null
susmitha.nalluri@enron.com	12684	null	null
jmctarnaghan@gmssr.com	12685	null	null
devnull@cmates.com	12686	null	null
jenerso@ei.enron.com	12687	null	null
ridggway@concentric.net	12688	null	null
ridggway@aol.com	12688	null	null
dolores.sustaita@enron.com	12689	null	null
psagman@murrayinc.net	12690	null	null
jobopps@idrc.org	12691	null	null
jeff.messina@enron.com	12692	null	null
tocchionero@agcc.org	12693	null	null
sasha.beard@enron.com	12694	null	null
jsherriff@enron.com	12695	null	null
timothy.hughes@cliffordchance.com	12696	null	null
vjbp23eanze@hotmail.com	12697	null	null
kbbaker@ppco.com	12698	null	null
mcintyre@enron.com	12699	null	null
mswerzb@ect.enron.com	12700	null	null
mswerzb@enron.com	12700	null	null
julie.hernandez@enron.com	12701	null	null
hirasuna@enron.com	12702	null	null
anchez".'"barbara@enron.com	12703	null	null
brian.silver@enron.com	12704	null	null
jay.bedford@tap.com	12705	null	null
mark.morrison@blakes.com	12706	null	null
brent.dornier@enron.com	12707	null	null
abiecunasb@prpa.org	12708	null	null
justin.laverell@enron.com	12709	null	null
erequest@enron.com	12710	null	null
rgiese@monm.edu	12711	null	null
co.o.l._010901@airmail.continental.com	12712	null	null
jhernandez@mdck.com	12713	null	null
huffj@diamtech.com	12714	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_034808@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	12715	null	null
wendy.labuda@clyde.co.uk	12716	null	null
teresa.knight@nesanet.org	12717	null	null
robbetz@webtv.net	12718	null	null
salas.anthony@enron.com	12719	null	null
memailme@response.etracks.com	12720	null	null
bunks@andrews-kurth.com	12721	null	null
steve.leppard@enron.com	12722	null	null
'leppard@enron.com	12722	null	null
birch.murray@enron.com	12723	null	null
lawrencelawyer@aol.com	12724	null	null
power.management@enron.com	12725	null	null
experience.corporate@enron.com	12726	null	null
bosien@enron.com	12727	null	null
sstoness@enron.com	12728	null	null
sstoness@eron.com	12728	null	null
jannine.juggins@enron.com	12729	null	null
bradykw@aol.com	12730	null	null
livingfree1@hotmail.com	12731	null	null
ana.hilario@painewebber.com	12732	null	null
bsposi@hotmail.com	12733	null	null
kyle.kettler@dynegy.com	12734	null	null
kyle.kettler@enron.com	12734	null	null
kettler@enron.com	12734	null	null
fzerilli@optonline.net	12735	null	null
fzerilli@powermerchants.com	12735	null	null
apapesch@enron.com	12736	null	null
apapesch@isda-eur.org	12736	null	null
apapesch@isda.org	12736	null	null
liz.legros@enron.com	12737	null	null
mark.mcconnell@enron.com	12738	null	null
kconnick@technologystaffing.com	12739	null	null
110023.702@compuserve.com	12740	null	null
geneen.pipher@ttmc.ttuhsc.edu	12741	null	null
gentjobs@yahoo.com	12742	null	null
reg.wg@enron.com	12743	null	null
benny.wu@sce.com	12744	null	null
dkahl@scana.com	12745	null	null
dale.furrow@enron.com	12746	null	null
thomas.moore@enron.com	12747	null	null
424364.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	12748	null	null
piercem@tklaw.com	12749	null	null
plaird@owenhealth.com	12750	null	null
dhenderson1@pclient.ml.com	12751	null	null
pmarshall@hbs.edu	12752	null	null
stefsa@power-gas.com	12753	null	null
bdarter@coral-energy.com	12754	null	null
matilda.machado@enron.com	12755	null	null
confirmcorp@aol.com	12756	null	null
bret.reich@enron.com	12757	null	null
nora.kean@duchesne.org	12758	null	null
nora_kean@duchesne.org	12758	null	null
chinbr@yahoo.com	12759	null	null
franceschi.collin@enron.com	12760	null	null
dmcvey@theenergycoop.com	12761	null	null
trdill@westernhubs.com	12762	null	null
pbrodie@nectech.com	12763	null	null
beasley.tassy@enron.com	12764	null	null
inks@teamfreeze.com	12765	null	null
ira.mozee@enron.com	12766	null	null
christine.milliner@enron.com	12767	null	null
clement.lau@enron.com	12768	null	null
clement@netactive.co.za	12768	null	null
lbarnett@ghplaw.com	12769	null	null
des883781@aol.com	12770	null	null
darci.gustafson@truequote.com	12771	null	null
robert.bogucki@enron.com	12772	null	null
enron.com.wduran@enron.com.wduran	12773	null	null
wduran@enron.com	12773	null	null
bvotaw@enron.com	12774	null	null
daniel.kang@enron.com	12775	null	null
chris.gray@enron.com	12776	null	null
457170.129113116.2@1.americanexpress.com	12777	null	null
lee_ahlstrom@mckinsey.com	12778	null	null
hmorales@salvagesale.com	12779	null	null
hstephens@nyc.rr.com	12780	null	null
michelle_a_wolpert@mail.bankone.com	12781	null	null
nancy.damico@nettest.com	12782	null	null
a060279@allstate.com	12783	null	null
stp@sierratradingpost.com	12784	null	null
ews.report@enron.com	12785	null	null
cjwilson@lcc.net	12786	null	null
paula.arnold@ziffenergy.com	12787	null	null
jhillego@enron.com	12788	null	null
robin.border@enron.com	12789	null	null
border@enron.com	12789	null	null
rena.lo@enron.com	12790	null	null
berger_david@jpmorgan.com	12791	null	null
kcurry@bracepatt.com	12792	null	null
russell.aeria@enron.com	12793	null	null
dan.agnew@citicorp.com	12794	null	null
deepak.bhatia@intl.pepsi.com	12795	null	null
arosenberg@edisonmission.com	12796	null	null
blackwell.terry@enron.com	12797	null	null
darwinmoore@pzlqs.com	12798	null	null
karen.white@csfb.com	12799	null	null
netsaavers@info.aa.com	12800	null	null
adrian.boutel@freshfields.com	12801	null	null
mwaller@llgm.com	12802	null	null
zopher@alohomora.de	12803	null	null
eric.feitler@enron.com	12804	null	null
brian.heinrich@enron.com	12805	null	null
d..white@enron.com	12806	null	null
bossola.tanya@enron.com	12807	null	null
eric.melvin@enron.com	12808	null	null
triley@enron.com	12809	null	null
kevdb@infospace.com	12810	null	null
talent@enron.com	12811	null	null
faizal_sharma@transalta.com	12812	null	null
ghamel@strategos.com	12813	null	null
pauljudy82@cs.com	12814	null	null
chris.king@utility.com	12815	null	null
william.morley@enron.com	12816	null	null
lshanlon@yahoo.com	12817	null	null
tulsama@worldnet.att.net	12818	null	null
svaughan@ccemtl.org	12819	null	null
brobinhold@ftenergy.com	12820	null	null
ed.benassai@compaq.com	12821	null	null
tushar.dhruv@enron.com	12822	null	null
david-e-ferguson@reliantenergy.com	12823	null	null
scott.musch@chase.com	12824	null	null
hjosey@aol.com	12825	null	null
difiore.love@enron.com	12826	null	null
kkvw@mcn.org	12827	null	null
astewar5@csc.com	12828	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3976@lists.smartmoney.com	12829	null	null
grosston@stanford.edu	12830	null	null
cng@caiso.com	12831	null	null
jprewitt@pacifier.com	12832	null	null
cindy_lynn@hines.com	12833	null	null
mason.hamlin@enron.com	12834	null	null
'hamlin@enron.com	12834	null	null
steve.forman@sgfimat.com	12835	null	null
luis.mena.2003@anderson.ucla.edu	12836	null	null
mena.'luis@enron.com	12836	null	null
luis.mena@enron.com	12836	null	null
bluechipbrands@m-ul.com	12837	null	null
mayers.joseph@enron.com	12838	null	null
doug.moore@prebon.nl	12839	null	null
steve.harris@enron.com	12840	null	null
walter.gontarek@royalbank.com	12841	null	null
gontarek@email.msn.com	12841	null	null
andrea_lueders@hotmail.com	12842	null	null
irice@wpi.edu	12843	null	null
aroman@enron.com	12844	null	null
helge-j_rgen.beil@enron.com	12845	null	null
dl.advise@enron.com	12846	null	null
katz'.'andy@enron.com	12847	null	null
stephanie.erwin@enron.com	12848	null	null
cmoseley@ercot.com	12849	null	null
jrothrock@akingump.com	12850	null	null
george.ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com	12851	null	null
george_ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com	12851	null	null
richard.castillo@enron.com	12852	null	null
kay.ellis@enron.com	12853	null	null
tellwood@mayerbrown.com	12854	null	null
bchamberlin@psb.state.vt.us	12855	null	null
registrations@beermatsoftware.com	12856	null	null
registrations@newpower.com	12856	null	null
neecee@netsync.net	12857	null	null
cary.carrabine@enron.com	12858	null	null
cshea@surdna.org	12859	null	null
cshea@brobeck.com	12859	null	null
cshea@marin.org	12859	null	null
don.nelson@enron.com	12860	null	null
kristi.giron@cfisd.net	12861	null	null
giron.kristi@enron.com	12861	null	null
sasha.divelbiss@enron.com	12862	null	null
tina'.'triolo@enron.com	12863	null	null
tina.triolo@jacobs.com	12863	null	null
bartneea@bp.com	12864	null	null
james.hachen@enron.com	12865	null	null
hjzubke@dkapl.com	12866	null	null
p..studdert@enron.com	12867	null	null
adefelice@ggfcmk.com	12868	null	null
boehm@enron.com	12869	null	null
llopez3@enron.com	12870	null	null
baddream@email.msn.com	12871	null	null
baddream@msn.com	12871	null	null
txdave661@mailexcel.com	12872	null	null
kkeirrac22@yahoo.com	12873	null	null
annette.rosario@db.com	12874	null	null
ljlblair@earthlink.com	12875	null	null
rstultin@apsc.com	12876	null	null
costello@enron.com	12877	null	null
jjimenez@porterhedges.com	12878	null	null
cara.tammaro@enron.com	12879	null	null
gasnews@mail.energycentral.com	12880	null	null
craig.buehler@enron.com	12881	null	null
garithk@mercedid.org	12882	null	null
lsharp@dreamscape.com	12883	null	null
maria.lebeau@enron.com	12884	null	null
blauderback@soes.com	12885	null	null
brbarcovich@earthlink.net	12886	null	null
ada@clickaction.net	12887	null	null
ada@kochgallery.com	12887	null	null
linda.wehring@enron.com	12888	null	null
linda.wehring@dynegy.com	12888	null	null
socalcinephile@socal.rr.com	12889	null	null
papesch.angela@enron.com	12890	null	null
joeparks@parksbros.com	12891	null	null
richard.smith@linklaters.com	12892	null	null
smith.richard@enron.com	12892	null	null
smith'.'richard@enron.com	12892	null	null
karyn@dewittec.net	12893	null	null
hmptk@yahoo.com	12894	null	null
sinitiere.mary�nelle@enron.com	12895	null	null
sumant.kapoor@enron.com	12896	null	null
weo_mail@igate.cbinet.com	12897	null	null
carlos.giron@psuusa.com	12898	null	null
carlos.giron@psiusa.com	12898	null	null
giron.carlos@enron.com	12898	null	null
stemarie@icubed.com	12899	null	null
chris.rahaim@enron.com	12900	null	null
john.gore@enron.com	12901	null	null
allen.shafer@enron.com	12902	null	null
csaunders@ou.edu	12903	null	null
paulv@riskinc.com	12904	null	null
skousen@investorplace.com	12905	null	null
mhoague@niton.com	12906	null	null
wenyao.jia@enron.com	12907	null	null
danaltom@hotmail.com	12908	null	null
michael.tomczyk@enron.com	12909	null	null
sarah.palmer@enron.com	12910	null	null
nick.ernst@enron.com	12911	null	null
fergusonm@jmbm.com	12912	null	null
mtgoper@misnet.com	12913	null	null
bs_stone@yahoo.com	12914	null	null
aumanl@tjm.com	12915	null	null
sf.jeff@enron.com	12916	null	null
sf@smith-electric.com	12916	null	null
sf'.'jeff@enron.com	12916	null	null
wweiland@velaw.com	12917	null	null
chuck.kaniuka@ipgdirect.com	12918	null	null
dmzem@aol.com	12919	null	null
becky.zikes@enron.com	12920	null	null
iurhgn@dns.ctonline.it	12921	null	null
xochitl-alexis.rodriguez@enron.com	12922	null	null
shockwave@mms.shockwave.com	12923	null	null
todd.neal@chron.com	12924	null	null
chris_neale@gap.com	12925	null	null
sheetal.bajoria@enron.com	12926	null	null
michael.baker@indsys.ge.com	12927	null	null
shaka_jaggi@yahoo.com	12928	null	null
shaka.jaggi@zenax.com	12928	null	null
mac05@flash.net	12929	null	null
mboesen@aglife.com	12930	null	null
ghrothschild@marathonoil.com	12931	null	null
hwgt@mediaone.net	12932	null	null
mmcontex@aol.com	12933	null	null
andy.brady@enron.com	12934	null	null
jdrummond18@hotmail.com	12935	null	null
rachel_choe@bmc.com	12936	null	null
greg.frers@enron.com	12937	null	null
jtyoung@southernco.com	12938	null	null
jose.dumenigo@ps.ge.com	12939	null	null
pemlaw@texas.net	12940	null	null
pemlaw@austin.rr.com	12940	null	null
alexios.kollaros@newpower.com	12941	null	null
alexios.kollaros@enron.com	12941	null	null
om_2568758533@cmates.com	12942	null	null
users.dl-tax@enron.com	12943	null	null
matt.pena@enron.com	12944	null	null
technology_buy.com@enews.buy.com	12945	null	null
stig.faltinsen@enron.com	12946	null	null
tom.huntington@enron.com	12947	null	null
brock.uncle@enron.com	12948	null	null
starting@ameritrade.com	12949	null	null
fernley.dyson@enron.com	12950	null	null
gasdaily1@listserv.platts.com	12951	null	null
vincent.raimondi@ubsw.com	12952	null	null
rln@hoegh.no	12953	null	null
slochridge@dialogos.com	12954	null	null
quickflicks@free-irewards.com	12955	null	null
joe.hunter@enron.com	12956	null	null
jeannefell@worldnet.att.net	12957	null	null
insynconline.64gf0q5v.d@insync-palm.com	12958	null	null
brad.kirchhofer@enron.com	12959	null	null
elder@wscc.com	12960	null	null
greetings@reply.yahoo.com	12961	null	null
greetings@sportadvisors.com	12961	null	null
greetings@etrade.com	12961	null	null
amy.quirsfeld@enron.com	12962	null	null
elizabeth.mccarthy@enron.com	12963	null	null
phlz@pacifier.com	12964	null	null
teresa.rascon@enron.com	12965	null	null
locklamp@erols.com	12966	null	null
locklamp@starpower.net	12966	null	null
eli@tozzini.com.br	12967	null	null
nkelley@tqcap.com	12968	null	null
kelly.ward@duchesne.org	12969	null	null
mezulis@hotmail.com	12970	null	null
nmann@erac.com	12971	null	null
dwhitley@llgm.com	12972	null	null
wparmer@cysive.com	12973	null	null
andrew.henderson@enron.com	12974	null	null
susan.fallon@enron.com	12975	null	null
blair.fleming@royalbank.com	12976	null	null
b..fleming@enron.com	12976	null	null
blair.fleming@rbcds.com	12976	null	null
solutions2@btamail.net.cn	12977	null	null
bwallace@zahrsecurities.com	12978	null	null
bwallace@tcast.com	12978	null	null
bwallace@hanover-co.com	12978	null	null
kbaker2@txu.com	12979	null	null
novakm@natfuel.com	12980	null	null
cjohansen@pclient.ml.com	12981	null	null
urbanr@neosoft.com	12982	null	null
scott.magie@northwestern.com	12983	null	null
innoff@predict.com	12984	null	null
leila_mankarious@mhhs.org	12985	null	null
leila@globalexchange.org	12985	null	null
joseph.pohl@ubspw.com	12986	null	null
tinaalcain@hotmail.com	12987	null	null
stacey.neuwieiler@enron.com	12988	null	null
tatting@enron.com	12989	null	null
smarra@isda.org	12990	null	null
cmisseldine@mindspring.com	12991	null	null
alamonsoff@riskwaters.com	12992	null	null
alamonsoff@watersinfo.com	12992	null	null
doctoridea@email.msn.com	12993	null	null
doctoridea@enron.com	12993	null	null
jennieh@tvlon.com	12994	null	null
michael.riordan@tdsecurities.com	12995	null	null
tolek.petch@slaughterandmay.com	12996	null	null
james.mcbride@enron.com	12997	null	null
walter.rogers@insync.net	12998	null	null
thomas.underwood@enron.com	12999	null	null
csummers@veriomail.com	13000	null	null
jamesgallery@earthlink.net	13001	null	null
matthew.collier@enron.com	13002	null	null
ccates@mail.lbjs.com	13003	null	null
phoebe.bradford@enron.com	13004	null	null
memberservices@travelocity.m0.net	13005	null	null
memberservices@espn.go.com	13005	null	null
memberservices@travelocity.com	13005	null	null
memberservices@marketsondemand.net	13005	null	null
memberservices@emailoffersondemand.com	13005	null	null
todd.richardson@enron.com	13006	null	null
expediafaretracker_029677@expedia.customer-email.com	13007	null	null
j.gregory.porter@dynegy.com	13008	null	null
gregory.porter@enron.com	13008	null	null
laura.beneville@enron.com	13009	null	null
kernelm@yahoo.com	13010	null	null
beautyfoul@aol.com	13011	null	null
hollimon@enron.com	13012	null	null
edirectnetwork@offermail.net	13013	null	null
edirectnetwork@optin-offers.net	13013	null	null
cafegal637@aol.com	13014	null	null
dmoore@nylf.org	13015	null	null
john.howton@enron.com	13016	null	null
doa5pfe9a@abbyy.ru	13017	null	null
rfoss@coral-energy.com	13018	null	null
sharris@enron.com	13019	null	null
haasbio@haas.berkeley.edu	13020	null	null
events.inquiry@redherring.com	13021	null	null
mboyden@portal.com	13022	null	null
robert.aicher@kmz.com	13023	null	null
robertr@asiasoc.org	13024	null	null
ray.hoppe@enron.com	13025	null	null
the.pulse-ets@enron.com	13026	null	null
the.pulse@enron.com	13026	null	null
mecole.brown@enron.com	13027	null	null
lawyer4428@aol.com	13028	null	null
holzwarth.steve@enron.com	13029	null	null
jonathan.horne@enron.com	13030	null	null
jwallis@corustuscaloosa.com	13031	null	null
gay.lynn.schaffart@enron.com	13032	null	null
l..gay@enron.com	13032	null	null
wayne.cuilla@enron.com	13033	null	null
dmphillips@bpa.gov	13034	null	null
blakej@stanford.edu	13035	null	null
antonio.lara@enron.com	13036	null	null
claycb@bp.com	13037	null	null
pconcepcion@mdanderson.org	13038	null	null
dmurphy@utilicorp.com	13039	null	null
penn_eric@smtpgate.salkeiz.k12.or.us	13040	null	null
penn_eric@salkeiz.k12.or.us	13040	null	null
penn@ls13.sendoutmail.com	13040	null	null
steepsavers@vailresorts.com	13041	null	null
bdeets@wcitx.com	13042	null	null
ahunt@isda.org	13043	null	null
blaker.jason@enron.com	13044	null	null
colbyco1@jps.net	13045	null	null
tambornino@haas.berkeley.edu	13046	null	null
rick_schneider@notes.teradyne.com	13047	null	null
khara@avistaenergy.com	13048	null	null
shan@risk.co.uk	13049	null	null
rob.enron@enron.com	13050	null	null
beckynoodl@aol.com	13051	null	null
enerfaxweb@egoups.com	13052	null	null
enerfaxweb@yahoogroups.com	13052	null	null
enerfaxweb@egroups.com	13052	null	null
davidrunnels@akllp.com	13053	null	null
colby@fanshack.com	13054	null	null
marilyn.chalmers@compaq.com	13055	null	null
grosenbaum@velaw.com	13056	null	null
bnreine@yahoo.com	13057	null	null
benjami.rogers@enron.com	13058	null	null
cynthia.shoup@enron.com	13059	null	null
clint.dean@enron.com	13060	null	null
volunteers@mcgreevey2001.org	13061	null	null
mark.diedrich@enron.com	13062	null	null
dagostka@apci.com	13063	null	null
alnosh@aol.com	13064	null	null
lawrence.ciscon@enron.com	13065	null	null
netstock_2dc59c10f26f3efa5c9dcd5ed0f708c0@ng.sharebuilder.com	13066	null	null
amcmurr@pnm.com	13067	null	null
rhthomas@porterhedges.com	13068	null	null
spencermgt@aol.com	13069	null	null
shirley.oliver@enron.com	13070	null	null
unimommer2@aol.com	13071	null	null
christinec@abag.ca.gov	13072	null	null
pdavidson@socalgas.com	13073	null	null
cvavrek@dttus.com	13074	null	null
cvavrek@deloitte.com	13074	null	null
heidi.partain@mcd.com	13075	null	null
barbara.martinez@enron.com	13076	null	null
richard.costigan@asm.ca.gov	13077	null	null
einsighttext@spector.ftenergy.com	13078	null	null
einsighttext@listserv.platts.com	13078	null	null
bradley.stewart@enron.com	13079	null	null
dpriese@worldnet.att.net	13080	null	null
ffisch@fdic.gov	13081	null	null
randyshona@hotmail.com	13082	null	null
scott.werneburg@enron.com	13083	null	null
philip.couch@enron.com	13084	null	null
rob.grindstaff@il.proquest.com	13085	null	null
mark.houldsworth@redmeteor.com	13086	null	null
bce@optin-offers.net	13087	null	null
greg.nikkel@enron.com	13088	null	null
mschaff@worldnet.att.net	13089	null	null
clay.t.blakley@ca.pwcglobal.com	13090	null	null
cinemanowinfo@postfuture.com	13091	null	null
cjvernon@mail.utexas.edu	13092	null	null
nailia.dindarova@enron.com	13093	null	null
sabra.dinari@enron.com	13094	null	null
amys51@aol.com	13095	null	null
bill.askew@enron.com	13096	null	null
laurie.miller@enron.com	13097	null	null
a_centurion@6access.com	13098	null	null
martin.chavez@kiodex.com	13099	null	null
redherring-61399@mailsubs.com	13100	null	null
liz.alvarado@enron.com	13101	null	null
vickistorey@yahoo.com	13102	null	null
willie.harrell@enron.com	13103	null	null
smetana@enron.com	13104	null	null
rochmanm@spurr.org	13105	null	null
renee.kelso@enron.com	13106	null	null
bob.powell@enron.com	13107	null	null
hdunton@enron.com	13108	null	null
ppryzant@lockeliddell.com	13109	null	null
ppryzant@chematch.com	13109	null	null
onepass_032201@airmail.continental.com	13110	null	null
ravi_nn@hotmail.com	13111	null	null
wiz.ixgate.taylor@enron.com	13112	null	null
ena_legal.department@enron.com	13113	null	null
dpbednarz@aol.com	13114	null	null
geicoonlinequotes@geico.com	13115	null	null
donna_clayson@enron.net	13116	null	null
kislince@er.oge.com	13117	null	null
mary.harris@enron.com	13118	null	null
todd.migliore@enron.com	13119	null	null
kristina.lund@enron.com	13120	null	null
cassi.wallace@enron.com	13121	null	null
andrew.greer@enron.com	13122	null	null
clint.shay@enron.com	13123	null	null
shay@tequilamockingbird.com	13123	null	null
morgenalis@hotmail.com	13124	null	null
rick_wallace@notes.amdahl.com	13125	null	null
shirley.taylor@enron.com	13126	null	null
networkcommerce-rctl20011226@ombramarketing.com	13127	null	null
bates@tristategt.org	13128	null	null
kyle.roblee@enron.com	13129	null	null
darren.espey@enron.com	13130	null	null
aaf@skpower.dk	13131	null	null
sam.guerrero@enron.com	13132	null	null
geanewsletter@exchange.appl.ge.com	13133	null	null
coldwatercreek.631736.840.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	13134	null	null
thomas.sroka@enron.com	13135	null	null
adamsotj@bp.com	13136	null	null
terry.sanvido@enron.com	13137	null	null
laura.wilkinson@enron.com	13138	null	null
david.duff@enron.com	13139	null	null
r-5-728387-3412887-2-6526-us2-7d3e6e54@xmr3.com	13140	null	null
john_daloia@dps.state.ny.us	13141	null	null
dcasse@whwg.com	13142	null	null
mba00@haas.berkeley.edu	13143	null	null
lwalsh@redsky.com	13144	null	null
dixie6@yahoo.com	13145	null	null
dixie6@yahoo.cm	13145	null	null
chrisboehler@akllp.com	13146	null	null
tim.belden@enron.com	13147	null	null
belden@enron.com	13147	null	null
belden'.'tim@enron.com	13147	null	null
eugenio.perez@enron.com	13148	null	null
patedrp@aol.com	13149	null	null
elsie.lew@enron.com	13150	null	null
michael.khajeh-noori@enron.com	13151	null	null
lluna@nevp.com	13152	null	null
m_l_mauch@yahoo.com	13153	null	null
georgew@review.com	13154	null	null
georgew@gulfmarkenergy.com	13154	null	null
schristianson@ceg.com	13155	null	null
dukern8@gateway.net	13156	null	null
bcazeneuve@consellationfin.com	13157	null	null
jjenning@smith.edu	13158	null	null
gerryandjim@earthlink.net	13159	null	null
habiba.bayi@enron.com	13160	null	null
dale.surbey@enron.com	13161	null	null
hsmiller@msn.com	13162	null	null
hsmiller@email.msn.com	13162	null	null
tchurbuck@powermfg.com	13163	null	null
btyndall@beattylaw.com	13164	null	null
kellybrynne@aol.com	13165	null	null
nhenson@houston.org	13166	null	null
spoyneer@haas.berkeley.edu	13167	null	null
eileen.kisluk@enron.com	13168	null	null
leland.white@energyspectrum.com	13169	null	null
jcollins@as.arizona.edu	13170	null	null
natalie.wells@enron.com	13171	null	null
tracee.bersani@enron.com	13172	null	null
hurley.reese@enron.com	13173	null	null
hurley@enron.com	13173	null	null
l..copeland@enron.com	13174	null	null
thomas_fay@instinet.com	13175	null	null
azminab@petronas.com.my	13176	null	null
mark_kopinski/intl/acim/americancentury"@americancentury.com@enron.com	13177	null	null
americancentury@americancentury.com	13177	null	null
kimberly.parrish@enron.com	13178	null	null
extra_income@customoffers.com	13179	null	null
strawberry29@juno.com	13180	null	null
strawberry29@earthlink.net	13180	null	null
june1789@aol.com	13181	null	null
agatha.tran@enron.com	13182	null	null
judy.martinez@enron.com	13183	null	null
edna.l.lopez@us.andersen.com	13184	null	null
smcbride1@aol.com	13185	null	null
naesb@aol.com	13186	null	null
all.us@enron.com	13187	null	null
heiny1@aol.com	13188	null	null
headhuntergal@talkmatch.com	13189	null	null
enrononline.3@enron.com	13190	null	null
mike.ferguson@americas.bnpparibas.com	13191	null	null
mike_ferguson@americas.bnpparibas.com	13191	null	null
tammi.depaolis@enron.com	13192	null	null
gallen@bakerbotts.com	13193	null	null
gallen@thermon.com	13193	null	null
yumi.takei@enron.com	13194	null	null
sergio.loewenberg@enron.com	13195	null	null
pkeene@enron.com	13196	null	null
glass'.'scott@enron.com	13197	null	null
root@egyed.com	13198	null	null
richard.shepherd@enron.com	13199	null	null
h..moore@enron.com	13200	null	null
public-relations@enron.com	13201	null	null
public.relations@enron.com	13201	null	null
tpullig@firstunion1.com	13202	null	null
duane_alexander@transcanada.com	13203	null	null
giordano@wt.net	13204	null	null
deltaairlinesconfirmation@delta.com	13205	null	null
michelle.juden@enron.com	13206	null	null
margaret.dennison@enron.com	13207	null	null
betty.alexander@enron.com	13208	null	null
algoreply@algorithmics.com	13209	null	null
gaye.schaffart@enron.com	13210	null	null
extensity@processrequest.com	13211	null	null
genpals7834@freemail.hu	13212	null	null
juanita.marchand@enron.com	13213	null	null
dwixson@lgc.com	13214	null	null
vjelvis62@hotmail.com	13215	null	null
steven.meyers@enron.com	13216	null	null
vm-14874-702398@lists.emaildirect.com	13217	null	null
c18410@mail.yahoo.co.jp	13218	null	null
creedon@rff.org	13219	null	null
creedon@enron.com	13219	null	null
drew.alexander@enron.com	13220	null	null
kyounger@lmumail.lmu.edu	13221	null	null
bill_ketcheson@pancanadian.ca	13222	null	null
intelligentxmailbag@flowgo.com	13223	null	null
so@rice.edu	13224	null	null
so@ruf.rice.edu	13224	null	null
barbara.klemstine@pinnaclewest.com	13225	null	null
barbara_klemstine@apses.com	13225	null	null
barbara_klemstine@apsc.com	13225	null	null
wbn@blakes.com	13226	null	null
mike.nelson@enron.com	13227	null	null
startnow@ever2.beontarget.com	13228	null	null
startnow@mail2.emediatemail.com	13228	null	null
barry.calder@ualberta.ca	13229	null	null
cpage@phks.com	13230	null	null
kathy.bigelow@enron.com	13231	null	null
kimberly.r.scardino@us.arthuranderson.com	13232	null	null
kimberly.r.scardino@us.arthurandersen.com	13232	null	null
gbaker@enron.com	13233	null	null
davidpsmith@att.net	13234	null	null
ed.ghalib@enron.com	13235	null	null
dmclolinger@yahoo.com	13236	null	null
dmclolinger@aep.com	13236	null	null
jeffrey.a.przybyla@uth.tmc.edu	13237	null	null
ac1111@earthlink.net	13238	null	null
aboerrs@repsol-ypf.com	13239	null	null
lweiss@instantlivetalk.com	13240	null	null
dlong@houstontech.org	13241	null	null
hancock.leslie@epenergy.com	13242	null	null
earlene.ackley@enron.com	13243	null	null
earlene_ackley@eott.com	13243	null	null
neeran.pathak@enron.com	13244	null	null
kay.young@enron.com	13245	null	null
track.dl-ena@enron.com	13246	null	null
mark.schrab@enron.com	13247	null	null
'schrab@enron.com	13247	null	null
schrab@enron.com	13247	null	null
syeager@fyi-net.com	13248	null	null
trogg522@aol.com	13249	null	null
scott.hibbard@enron.com	13250	null	null
paul.gregory@enron.com	13251	null	null
stephanie.truss@enron.com	13252	null	null
mike_morgan@kindermorgan.com	13253	null	null
nicola.beales@enron.com	13254	null	null
scsettlecontacts@caiso.com	13255	null	null
jeff.lenamon@dzbank.de	13256	null	null
jeff.lenamon@dresdner.com	13256	null	null
mary.novak@wefa.com	13257	null	null
jttkyle@jttrotter.com	13258	null	null
poec@yahoo.com	13259	null	null
david.mcellin@enron.com	13260	null	null
cgerman@ect.enron.com	13261	null	null
cgerman@enron.com	13261	null	null
kjurica@syntexsolutions.com	13262	null	null
valerie.kolesar@enron.com	13263	null	null
rapcowart@aol.com	13264	null	null
georgen@epenergy.com	13265	null	null
james.bartlett@csfb.com	13266	null	null
afternic_support@adm.chtah.com	13267	null	null
agendas@energy.ca.gov	13268	null	null
t.king3@prodigy.net	13269	null	null
mcscherie@aol.com	13270	null	null
jenny33436@altavista.com	13271	null	null
jenny33436@lawyer.com	13271	null	null
chris.roy@airliquide.com	13272	null	null
geames@calpine.com	13273	null	null
carey.mendes@engageenergy.com	13274	null	null
kjames@columbiaenergygroup.com	13275	null	null
allyson.zykorie@enron.com	13276	null	null
price_reservations.nyiso@nyiso.com	13277	null	null
price_reservations@nyiso.com	13277	null	null
price_reservations"@nyiso.com@enron.com	13277	null	null
reservations@sixcontinentshotels.com	13277	null	null
r..price@enron.com	13277	null	null
reservations@basshotels.com	13277	null	null
reservations@enron.com	13277	null	null
reservations@marriott.com	13277	null	null
reservations@cibolocreekranch.com	13277	null	null
reservations@ritz-carlton.com	13277	null	null
reservations@goalamo.com	13277	null	null
reservations@41club.redcarnationhotels.com	13277	null	null
wayne.morter@austinenergy.com	13278	null	null
rseals@pdq.net	13279	null	null
bob.haines@enron.com	13280	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_037660@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	13281	null	null
michael.stage@enron.com	13282	null	null
gskarb@cmsenergy.com	13283	null	null
tony.pryor@enron.com	13284	null	null
bennettlb@aol.com	13285	null	null
lara.mckinney@enron.com	13286	null	null
ceicher@lgc.com	13287	null	null
rjtormey@duke-energy.com	13288	null	null
aopa_news@aopa.org	13289	null	null
jmcconnell@mail.smith-county.com	13290	null	null
felecia.acevedo@enron.com	13291	null	null
gqi57@msn.com	13292	null	null
allan.elliott@enform.com	13293	null	null
allan.elliott@enron.com	13293	null	null
jdp@dwgp.com	13294	null	null
mike_maher@johncooper.org	13295	null	null
andrea.m.maher@citi.com	13295	null	null
marya2000@yahoo.com	13296	null	null
victor.garza@enron.com	13297	null	null
gtarol@caramail.com	13298	null	null
apeterson@wildoats.com	13299	null	null
atruppin@mindspring.com	13300	null	null
farace.rick@enron.com	13301	null	null
dcgrogan@cmsenergy.com	13302	null	null
ibennett@cngc.com	13303	null	null
murli.nagwani@enron.com	13304	null	null
sara.davidson@enron.com	13305	null	null
jeffrey.sommers@enron.com	13306	null	null
kimberly.perkins@enron.com	13307	null	null
neill.grant@enron.com	13308	null	null
pontgyn@hotmail.com	13309	null	null
prameesh.barlota@atosorigin.com	13310	null	null
michael.hicks@enron.com	13311	null	null
wsm13@columbia.edu	13312	null	null
projectdiscovery2@emsiweb.com	13313	null	null
'port@enron.com	13314	null	null
port@enron.com	13314	null	null
jmckechnie@cabotlng.com	13315	null	null
jmckechnie@tlngna.com	13315	null	null
sharron.westbrook@enron.com	13316	null	null
wilma.williams@enron.com	13317	null	null
dba.ets@enron.com	13318	null	null
richie@richieunterberger.com	13319	null	null
winston.bob@enron.com	13320	null	null
suketu.patel@enron.com	13321	null	null
s..muller@enron.com	13322	null	null
kbrown@caiso.com	13323	null	null
conway77@hotmail.com	13324	null	null
conway77@earthlink.net	13324	null	null
conway77@konnect.net	13324	null	null
conway77@mail.earthlink.net	13324	null	null
conway77@vision1mm.com	13324	null	null
pfeiffer.c@enron.com	13325	null	null
supdegrove@reliant.com	13326	null	null
jeff.huff@enron.com	13327	null	null
smorus@puget.com	13328	null	null
gretchen.jennings@enron.com	13329	null	null
todd.ballengee@enron.com	13330	null	null
mehaller@pressenter.com	13331	null	null
kristi.dobbs@enron.com	13332	null	null
jtdawnj92tv@hotmail.com	13333	null	null
ktracey111@aol.com	13334	null	null
cwpfister@cps-satx.com	13335	null	null
alex.henry@us.pwcglobal.com	13336	null	null
emckenna@iso-ne.com	13337	null	null
swise@ophir-esd.k12.ca.us	13338	null	null
margaret.allen@enron.com	13339	null	null
m..allen@enron.com	13339	null	null
moshuffle@hotmail.com	13340	null	null
illttf@talkmatch.com	13341	null	null
jroberts@gpu.com	13342	null	null
jroberts@xenergy.com	13342	null	null
bob.jordan@compaq.com	13343	null	null
2p5wd2@msn.com	13344	null	null
charlesnujoma@37.com	13345	null	null
rav.sav@verizon.com	13346	null	null
1800flowers.82356652@s2u2.com	13347	null	null
robinson'.'andre@enron.com	13348	null	null
newgallery@sprynet.com	13349	null	null
140@artic.net	13350	null	null
hpeng@andrew.cmu.edu	13351	null	null
mvargas@akingump.com	13352	null	null
bammesja@entergy.com	13353	null	null
msmith18@enron.com	13354	null	null
frankm@calpine.com	13355	null	null
emunion@harsco.com	13356	null	null
smokinghot@talkmatch.com	13357	null	null
egrossma@portoakland.com	13358	null	null
joseph.macaione@gs.com	13359	null	null
macaione@enron.com	13359	null	null
csemper@ect.enron.com	13360	null	null
usenet1@compact.com	13361	null	null
kelly.kimberly@enron.net	13362	null	null
kelly.kimberly@enron.com	13362	null	null
maritta.mullet@enron.com	13363	null	null
stephen_l._madden@oxy.com	13364	null	null
samaniec@houstoncellular.com	13365	null	null
chris.foster@enron.com	13366	null	null
neil.kelly@enron.com	13367	null	null
remind@newman.oscar.aol.com	13368	null	null
karen.lewis@enron.com	13369	null	null
paul.cline@enron.com	13370	null	null
tunderk@aol.com	13371	null	null
peter.j.pavluk@dynegy.com	13372	null	null
farrar.david@epamail.epa.gov	13373	null	null
ordercenter@radioshack.com	13374	null	null
angela.mcculloch@enron.com	13375	null	null
banu.ozcan@enron.com	13376	null	null
rfleming@enron.com	13377	null	null
bert.meyers@enron.com	13378	null	null
david.mclachlen@enron.com	13379	null	null
houston.'ward@enron.com	13380	null	null
ward_h@houworks.com	13380	null	null
opastrana@amoco.com	13381	null	null
awais2@enron.com	13382	null	null
eward@naseej.com.sa	13383	null	null
dalton.brian@enron.com	13384	null	null
keith.fraley@enron.com	13385	null	null
402075.16792233.1@1.americanexpress.com	13386	null	null
402075.57130981.1@1.americanexpress.com	13386	null	null
akurzer@tfsbrokers.com	13387	null	null
ebethune@bracepatt.com	13388	null	null
bmishler@socalgas.com	13389	null	null
dan_pigeon@transalta.com	13390	null	null
henriques@enron.com	13391	null	null
david.bush@enron.com	13392	null	null
aabbcece@airmail.net	13393	null	null
awamailer-l@guava.ease.lsoft.com	13394	null	null
jonch@magic.pmh.on.ca	13395	null	null
djdeangelo@papl.com	13396	null	null
youn.sooryun@enron.com	13397	null	null
mike.maggi@enron.com	13398	null	null
newsletter20011126@mail.cooking.com	13399	null	null
deborah.cappiello@enron.com	13400	null	null
mgp427@surewest.net	13401	null	null
bc@ori.org	13402	null	null
building.dl-it@enron.com	13403	null	null
mikie.rath@enron.com	13404	null	null
yolanda.lopez@enron.com	13405	null	null
mccall.mike@enron.com	13406	null	null
gerryking@austin.rr.com	13407	null	null
'deberry@enron.com	13408	null	null
robrogowski@yahoo.com	13409	null	null
stephen.piasio@ssmb.com	13410	null	null
piasio@enron.com	13410	null	null
stephanie.smith@enron.com	13411	null	null
aamir.maniar@enron.com	13412	null	null
maniar@houstontech.org	13412	null	null
chad.modad@enron.com	13413	null	null
chad_modad@enron.net	13413	null	null
hatrulove@sidrich.com	13414	null	null
dash@enron.com	13415	null	null
jim_braniff@ajg.com	13416	null	null
braniff@enron.com	13416	null	null
karl.tomlinson@enron.com	13417	null	null
tomlinson@enron.com	13417	null	null
jennifer.adams@enron.com	13418	null	null
bettyrathbone@msn.com	13419	null	null
pjacob@wexford.com	13420	null	null
leanne.gress-blue@enron.com	13421	null	null
leanne@integrityrs.com	13421	null	null
hgee@harrygee.com	13422	null	null
steve.bennett@enron.com	13423	null	null
jdownie@hmtf.com	13424	null	null
pfisch1330@hotmail.com	13425	null	null
gilbergd@sullcrom.com	13426	null	null
gilbergd@aullcrom.com	13426	null	null
csherman@calpine-emi.com	13427	null	null
tdepaolis@sequentenergy.com	13428	null	null
pat.vaughan@enron.com	13429	null	null
vaughan@generonconsulting.com	13429	null	null
betsy.poland@enron.com	13430	null	null
sholmes@nicor.com	13431	null	null
jason.sherman@enron.com	13432	null	null
fiji4x4@aol.com	13433	null	null
steed.chris@enron.com	13434	null	null
america.dl-outlook@enron.com	13435	null	null
felinewoman@msn.com	13436	null	null
anil.sama@intel.com	13437	null	null
sama@dynegy.com	13437	null	null
sama@haas.berkeley.edu	13437	null	null
tkjensen@flash.net	13438	null	null
mark.russ@enron.com	13439	null	null
rebecca.w.cantrell@enron.com	13440	null	null
rebecca.cantrell@enron.com	13440	null	null
srosenberg@newdem.org	13441	null	null
foreign_froms46.txt@mailman.enron.com	13442	null	null
ana.lima@enron.com	13443	null	null
elizabeth.mazzetti@openwave.com	13444	null	null
liva.kathy@enron.com	13445	null	null
ppriest2@csc.com	13446	null	null
amanda_rand@customoffers.com	13447	null	null
kim.godfrey@enron.com	13448	null	null
gail.brownfeld@enron.com	13449	null	null
lee.tommy@enron.com	13450	null	null
team.tate@enron.com	13451	null	null
uenohara.yuuji@enron.com	13452	null	null
yuuji.uenohara@toshiba.co.jp	13452	null	null
iam@michaelberry.com	13453	null	null
af@tozzini.com.br	13454	null	null
af@tfts.tozzini.com.br	13454	null	null
poppopindc@aol.com	13455	null	null
martin.rees@enron.com	13456	null	null
kate.garner@enron.com	13457	null	null
'appling@enron.com	13458	null	null
primlmates@aol.com	13459	null	null
robert.d.morgan@bhlp.com	13460	null	null
robert.morgan@enron.com	13460	null	null
mike.holzgang@colliers.com	13461	null	null
melissamagley@economist.com	13462	null	null
wind.glen@enron.com	13463	null	null
ballantyne@enron.com	13464	null	null
larry.hollingsworth@frostsecurities.com	13465	null	null
faretracker_019198@expedia.customer-email.com	13466	null	null
jimmy.mogal@enron.com	13467	null	null
dkurth@oneok.com	13468	null	null
dkurth@ong.com	13468	null	null
katrina.burton@enron.com	13469	null	null
etcadmin@expedia.com	13470	null	null
bledsoe.andy@enron.com	13471	null	null
scott.salmon@enron.com	13472	null	null
salmon@enron.com	13472	null	null
booth.christopher@enron.com	13473	null	null
mduffey@brecoholdings.com	13474	null	null
mduffey@carriageservices.com	13474	null	null
catherine.woods@enron.com	13475	null	null
richard.barry@enron.com	13476	null	null
robert.pratel@enron.com	13477	null	null
bowlgame@pluto.sparklist.com	13478	null	null
bowenstn@aetna.com	13479	null	null
dcarmany@hotmail.com	13480	null	null
asmith@velaw.com	13481	null	null
asmith@dc-grimes.k12.ia.us	13481	null	null
8887107935@pagenetmessage.net	13482	null	null
fmg37@hotmail.com	13483	null	null
mcconnk@jmbm.com	13484	null	null
zogs54@hotmail.com	13485	null	null
marwan.atalla@enron.com	13486	null	null
dcanutes@aol.com	13487	null	null
charlotte.jones@enron.com	13488	null	null
mark.miles@enron.com	13489	null	null
9069878@skytel.com	13490	null	null
sjsanta@attglobal.net	13491	null	null
aandy.ly@enron.com	13492	null	null
sampaio@enron.com	13493	null	null
conniepillon@worldemail.com	13494	null	null
ludwiggh@visuallink.com	13495	null	null
wordjama@yahoo.com	13496	null	null
jornaa@excite.com	13497	null	null
eruki@rice.edu	13498	null	null
mark.c.moench@williams.com	13499	null	null
darla.saucier@enron.com	13500	null	null
9167188@enron.com	13501	null	null
fme@egglestonbriscoe.com	13502	null	null
bob.lee@enron.com	13503	null	null
bob.lee@auxsable.com	13503	null	null
mitchell.thomas@enron.com	13504	null	null
insynconline.6jy5ympb.d@insync-palm.com	13505	null	null
ernie.j.zavaleta@fritolay.com	13506	null	null
hasan.kedwaii@enron.com	13507	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.4029@lists.smartmoney.com	13508	null	null
scot.chambers@enron.com	13509	null	null
laura.villarreal@enron.com	13510	null	null
alexbrennanmartin@pdq.net	13511	null	null
oasissvcs@apsc.com	13512	null	null
eilbeck.clint@enron.com	13513	null	null
cburg@ngsa.org	13514	null	null
sharon.baker@williams.com	13515	null	null
sharon.baker@enron.com	13515	null	null
amroperations@csc.com	13516	null	null
jzzxc@lemailparisien.com	13517	null	null
nwarren@hotmail.com	13518	null	null
vanrassel@rpmtec.com	13519	null	null
jon.olson@gvsi.com	13520	null	null
d.williams@enron.com	13521	null	null
carol.howes@enron.com	13522	null	null
sherif_k_khalil@hotmail.com	13523	null	null
readers_advantage@email.bn.com	13524	null	null
advantage@infovia.com.ar	13524	null	null
marla_barnard@enron.net	13525	null	null
marla.barnard@enron.com	13525	null	null
chris.stelzer@enron.com	13526	null	null
chris'.'stelzer@enron.com	13526	null	null
stelzer@aol.com	13526	null	null
stelzer@enron.com	13526	null	null
mherring@myfamilyinc.com	13527	null	null
hawkeye@agritel.net	13528	null	null
greatoffers@info.blastdirect.com	13529	null	null
greatoffers@info.iwon.com	13529	null	null
websaver@guava.ease.lsoft.com	13530	null	null
sgraves@gibbs-bruns.com	13531	null	null
e..williams@enron.com	13532	null	null
steve_brunner@missionfoods.com	13533	null	null
brogan@enron.com	13534	null	null
walter.seaton@enron.com	13535	null	null
guillaume.malle@csfb.com	13536	null	null
archila.andy@enron.com	13537	null	null
tlimperis@grabparts.com	13538	null	null
tod.lindholm@enron.com	13539	null	null
brock'.'caroline@enron.com	13540	null	null
cguarino@dow.com	13541	null	null
tina.clements@enron.com	13542	null	null
wsmith@wordsmith.org	13543	null	null
biliana3@yahoo.com	13544	null	null
david.weekes@enron.com	13545	null	null
morning21@alerts.equityalert.com	13546	null	null
rschmitt@csbsju.edu	13547	null	null
documents.35051.2555.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	13548	null	null
adensieski@nymex.com	13549	null	null
joncross@rlkengineering.com	13550	null	null
bfernandez@sithe.com	13551	null	null
pserrano@epelectric.com	13552	null	null
stephen.brown@rbcdain.com	13553	null	null
stan.ballard@enron.com	13554	null	null
bmfrahm@kelsey-seybold.com	13555	null	null
dontwait@mail2.emediatemail.com	13556	null	null
drusso@powersrc.com	13557	null	null
drusso@reliant.com	13557	null	null
drusso@reliantenergy.com	13557	null	null
lourine.saxton@enron.com	13558	null	null
john.suarez@enron.com	13559	null	null
john_suarez@enron.net	13559	null	null
jeffseely_015045@netstock.customer-email.com	13560	null	null
evelyn.aucoin@enron.com	13561	null	null
walter.coffer@enron.com	13562	null	null
edhodg@aol.com	13563	null	null
vapte@yahoo.com	13564	null	null
carrie.robert@enron.com	13565	null	null
dperwin@aol.com	13566	null	null
tasker@haas.berkeley.edu	13567	null	null
harmon'.'barbara@enron.com	13568	null	null
melanie.gray@weil.com	13569	null	null
acarty@mail.smu.edu	13570	null	null
begone@cliffhanger.com	13571	null	null
yatkeman.brent@enron.com	13572	null	null
proflowers@smartreminders.com	13573	null	null
daniel.ebner@enron.com	13574	null	null
william.mccoy@morganstanley.com	13575	null	null
william.mccoy@msdw.com	13575	null	null
pcoe@siweb.com	13576	null	null
tdh@y2kenergy.net	13577	null	null
tambra.rausch@conpapers.com	13578	null	null
tambra@enron.com	13578	null	null
dockens.keith@enron.com	13579	null	null
tomrose@codetel.net.do	13580	null	null
bekurtz@ilstu.edu	13581	null	null
lisa.rohde@enron.com	13582	null	null
slafontaine@globalp.com	13583	null	null
mbain@mail.bokf.com	13584	null	null
tgh09998cf@restructuringtoday.com	13585	null	null
a.capolongo@msdw.com	13586	null	null
a.capolongo@morganstanley.com	13586	null	null
greenbus@pacbell.net	13587	null	null
infinity.developers@enron.com	13588	null	null
kkohlsch@utilicorp.com	13589	null	null
kathybowles@juno.com	13590	null	null
guaranteed_prizes@customoffers.com	13591	null	null
cclist@nerc.com	13592	null	null
damianw@teai.com	13593	null	null
mkoenig@enron.com	13594	null	null
onepass_040501@airmail.continental.com	13595	null	null
mharp@austin.apc.slb.com	13596	null	null
mereli@chematch.com	13597	null	null
dri_dbnotes@standardandpoors.com	13598	null	null
dbnotes@dri-wefa.com	13598	null	null
ain13@aol.com	13599	null	null
'@enron.com	13600	null	null
acevedo_pablo@hotmail.com	13601	null	null
pablo.acevedo@arnet.com.ar	13601	null	null
pablo.acevedo@enron.com	13601	null	null
wayne.andrews@enron.com	13602	null	null
aaron_breidenbaugh@rmiinc.com	13603	null	null
addison.donavon@hydro.qc.ca	13604	null	null
deborah.pritt@enron.com	13605	null	null
ffitness@uswest.net	13606	null	null
bob.martinez@enron.com	13607	null	null
ernesto.blanco@enron.com	13608	null	null
vbalducci@bigfoot.com	13609	null	null
felicia.solis@enron.com	13610	null	null
insynconline.62f3fm3v.d@insync-palm.com	13611	null	null
s.day.-return-11-5-11775115-c0mgrdylu6uc1jlt-322@mta11.optamail.com	13612	null	null
j..kean@enron.com	13613	null	null
j.'.'kean@enron.com	13613	null	null
eol.summary@enron.com	13614	null	null
douglas.ottens@enron.com	13615	null	null
crussell@ase.org	13616	null	null
c6rxbt109@msn.com	13617	null	null
kelly.mccain@enron.com	13618	null	null
marcia.linton@enron.com	13619	null	null
shribaba@hotmail.com	13620	null	null
joan.stransky@enron.com	13621	null	null
paula.pec.corey@enron.com	13622	null	null
fribeiro99@kingwoodcable.com	13623	null	null
randall.rothenberg@enron.com	13624	null	null
kirsty.norvell@aesmail.com	13625	null	null
lee.jacobe@enron.com	13626	null	null
jacobe@enron.com	13626	null	null
bill481@excite.com	13627	null	null
scott.patti@enron.com	13628	null	null
scott'.'patti@enron.com	13628	null	null
josh_neal@tejastoyota.com	13629	null	null
b12703@miesto.sk	13630	null	null
ryan.hinze@enron.com	13631	null	null
whites@epenergy.com	13632	null	null
lmhazzard@hotmail.com	13633	null	null
1.3609.71-s6_jsjrco3sy.1@mailer.realage.com	13634	null	null
phil.polsky@enron.com	13635	null	null
cbarry@iirltd.co.uk	13636	null	null
bordenr@macleoddixon.com	13637	null	null
cgonzalez@eldoradocorp.com	13638	null	null
marinor3@aol.com	13639	null	null
paul.margraves@painewebber.com	13640	null	null
paul.margraves@ubspainewebber.com	13640	null	null
c.chiang@enron.com	13641	null	null
lisa.d.snell@us.pwcglobal.com	13642	null	null
rob.colorina@telion.tv	13643	null	null
bcasey@braespatt.com	13644	null	null
bcasey@bracepatt.com	13644	null	null
geec2000@aol.com	13645	null	null
molly.magee@enron.com	13646	null	null
cga2@pge.com	13647	null	null
reagan.mathews@enron.com	13648	null	null
lwilkinson@cdnam.com	13649	null	null
mauricio.guevara@enron.com	13650	null	null
robert.sanford@enron.com	13651	null	null
eweatherall@wulfe.com	13652	null	null
ed.wojcik@enron.com	13653	null	null
ramasciangel@duke-energy.com	13654	null	null
kevin.howard@enron.net	13655	null	null
kevin.howard@enron.com	13655	null	null
kevin.howard@gcm.com	13655	null	null
pam.metoyer@enron.com	13656	null	null
kminear@reliant.com	13657	null	null
traci.warner@enron.com	13658	null	null
traci_warner@enron.net	13658	null	null
1a7info@email.lviv.ua	13659	null	null
1a7info@polisen.nu	13659	null	null
tcarlson@caiso.com	13660	null	null
reese.trejo@enron.com	13661	null	null
streamer@datek.m0.net	13662	null	null
umlor3763@yahoo.com	13663	null	null
dgleeson@dynastymotorcar.com	13664	null	null
jchosea@fedex.com	13665	null	null
brian'.'hull@enron.com	13666	null	null
ercotregistrationdept@ercot.com	13667	null	null
janet.mcdaniel@enron.com	13668	null	null
angela.chen@enron.com	13669	null	null
john.pavetto@enron.com	13670	null	null
pavetto@enron.com	13670	null	null
danny.wo@enron.com	13671	null	null
ntraweek@caiso.com	13672	null	null
mark.reese@enron.com	13673	null	null
claugus@att.net	13674	null	null
claugus@worldnet.att.net	13674	null	null
dfairley@ect.enron.com	13675	null	null
dfairley@tractebelusa.com	13675	null	null
shase@aesc.com	13676	null	null
anabelle.torres@enron.com	13677	null	null
darlene.rhienien@enron.com	13678	null	null
bill.w.brown@enron.com	13679	null	null
bill.brown@enron.com	13679	null	null
w..brown@enron.com	13679	null	null
laura.evans@enron.com	13680	null	null
phillip.randle@enron.com	13681	null	null
jeffseely_010492@netstock.customer-email.com	13682	null	null
swthmchi@concentric.net	13683	null	null
robertelloyd@msn.com	13684	null	null
waggoner@enron.com	13685	null	null
brenna_copeland@yahoo.com	13686	null	null
rschwecke@socalgas.com	13687	null	null
global.maintenance@enron.com	13688	null	null
dprettyman@bracepatt.com	13689	null	null
lindsay.culotta@enron.com	13690	null	null
myoutt@kslaw.com	13691	null	null
zal.masani@enron.com	13692	null	null
tracy.ngo@enron.com	13693	null	null
scott.palmer@enron.com	13694	null	null
scott.palmer@exodus.net	13694	null	null
wxbug@weatherbug.com	13695	null	null
stoneage@opt15.edirectnetwork.net	13696	null	null
ehilton@earthlink.net	13697	null	null
aclemons@notes.enron.com	13698	null	null
lexis-nexis@prod.lexis-nexis.com	13699	null	null
midday25@alerts.equityalert.com	13700	null	null
rosep@towers.com	13701	null	null
bhansen@enron.com	13702	null	null
bhansen@lhom.com	13702	null	null
jasonrobynbrown@bigcity.net	13703	null	null
7028587@skytel.com	13704	null	null
secretary.office@enron.com	13705	null	null
teresa.bien@enron.com	13706	null	null
ngarner@ipams.org	13707	null	null
zychowski@enron.com	13708	null	null
kelly_landgraf@dell.com	13709	null	null
yan.wang@enron.com	13710	null	null
glaguarta@cadencemcshane.com	13711	null	null
j7martin@swbell.net	13712	null	null
gramlr@pjm.com	13713	null	null
jfoust@adelphia.net	13714	null	null
wedgedunn@aol.com	13715	null	null
chinn@millercanfield.com	13716	null	null
dnowak@enron.com	13717	null	null
sebmurex@msn.com	13718	null	null
c..bland@enron.com	13719	null	null
sturmt@yahoo.com	13720	null	null
mvmo@dynegy.com	13721	null	null
joni.fisher@enron.com	13722	null	null
alex.perkins@enron.com	13723	null	null
valerio@haas.berkeley.edu	13724	null	null
michael.brogan@gs.com	13725	null	null
jdilg@velaw.com	13726	null	null
brent.alderfer@enron.com	13727	null	null
cgordon@main.com	13728	null	null
maurypolk@mindspring.com	13729	null	null
milagros.velasquez@enron.com	13730	null	null
pnewton@whrarchitects.com	13731	null	null
daniel.reck@enron.com	13732	null	null
ncunningham@mclarty.com	13733	null	null
ncunningham@mcclarty.com	13733	null	null
cheek'.'charles@enron.com	13734	null	null
charles.cheek@enron.com	13734	null	null
tseigler@coral-energy.com	13735	null	null
eckerts@merchantenergy.com	13736	null	null
carol_alexander@anadarko.com	13737	null	null
bhb@tgn.net	13738	null	null
jgriffit@notes.enron.com	13739	null	null
ferickson@cal.stikeman.com	13740	null	null
euco.uutela@t-online.de	13741	null	null
gmathews@edisonmission.com	13742	null	null
geoffm@citizenspower.com	13743	null	null
mba01@haas.berkeley.edu	13744	null	null
422424.119645292.2@1.americanexpress.com	13745	null	null
dloon@uschamber.com	13746	null	null
janderson@elcon.org	13747	null	null
janderson@coog-denver.com	13747	null	null
janderson@jhancock.com	13747	null	null
dgiron1@rr.com	13748	null	null
dgiron1@houstonrr.com	13748	null	null
dgiron1@houston.rr.com	13748	null	null
dgiron1@pdq.net	13748	null	null
christopher.ware@enron.com	13749	null	null
annualgiving@aggienetwork.com	13750	null	null
aculver@houston.org	13751	null	null
david_cobrain@nmenv.state.nm.us	13752	null	null
johncameron@dwt.com	13753	null	null
ursts@merchants-exchange.net	13754	null	null
vhmdxwltbciozadx@forum.dk	13755	null	null
paul.couvillon@enron.com	13756	null	null
jeanette-harris@reliantenergy.com	13757	null	null
amcc2002@hotmail.com	13758	null	null
christina.slinger@gs.com	13759	null	null
rachel.m.bonilla@ac.com	13760	null	null
partha.ghosh@enron.com	13761	null	null
kkranz@nyiso.com	13762	null	null
clinton.kripki@gfinet.com	13763	null	null
exec.jones@enron.com	13764	null	null
christian.hackett@enron.com	13765	null	null
fbth5yjysa6z@hotmail.com	13766	null	null
linda.robertson3@att.net	13767	null	null
ron.surwill@enron.com	13768	null	null
edward.welsh@enron.com	13769	null	null
ees.chairman@enron.com	13770	null	null
chairman.ees@enron.com	13770	null	null
joru72@hotmail.com	13771	null	null
conference_board@xmr3.com	13772	null	null
connie.lausten@mail.house.gov	13773	null	null
burlin.mike@enron.com	13774	null	null
elena.t.matrullo@ssmb.com	13775	null	null
elena@daiter.com	13775	null	null
vickie.whitney@doj.ca.gov	13776	null	null
'hotmail.com@enron.com	13777	null	null
celise_clevenger@hotmail.com	13778	null	null
gmcgrath@aol.com	13779	null	null
michael.hayes@beachfire.com	13780	null	null
jbaldwin@aces.k12.ct.us	13781	null	null
pkrain@att.net	13782	null	null
dhutchens@tucsonelectric.com	13783	null	null
jetchart@tavaero.com	13784	null	null
michael.norris@enron.com	13785	null	null
matthew.williams@enron.com	13786	null	null
rsander@notes.enron.com	13787	null	null
rsander@ect.enron.com	13787	null	null
rsander@enron.com	13787	null	null
jwhitt@hksinc.com	13788	null	null
jwhitt@gvec.net	13788	null	null
jawallace12050@aol.com	13789	null	null
marisa.rapacioli@enron.com	13790	null	null
marisa@enron.com	13790	null	null
whuleis@socalgas.com	13791	null	null
sunie.ferrington@enron.com	13792	null	null
lynette.leblanc@eott.com	13793	null	null
lynette.leblanc@enron.com	13793	null	null
gfesterv@cs.com	13794	null	null
kathleen.magruder@newpower.com	13795	null	null
kathleen.magruder@enron.com	13795	null	null
harrison.dale@enron.com	13796	null	null
mgille@coair.com	13797	null	null
shirley.cox@enron.com	13798	null	null
users2.dl-enron@enron.com	13799	null	null
sonny.meador@enron.com	13800	null	null
meador@compuserve.com	13800	null	null
sonny.m@houstondefender.com	13800	null	null
marc.sondheimer@quokka.com	13801	null	null
daniel.collins@elpaso.com	13802	null	null
caribbeancari@yahoo.com	13803	null	null
habrahams@natsourcetulletteurope.com	13804	null	null
auto-confirm@amazon.com	13805	null	null
the_zone@expatriatezone.com	13806	null	null
james.hollman@enron.com	13807	null	null
helms.joe@enron.com	13808	null	null
helms@enron.com	13808	null	null
b11354@kimo.com.tw	13809	null	null
ben.nguyen@enron.com	13810	null	null
jewel.revis@enron.com	13811	null	null
electronic.delivery@schwab.com	13812	null	null
vjelvis@hotmail.com	13813	null	null
russell.woody@enron.com	13814	null	null
legal.portland@enron.com	13815	null	null
kortney.brown@enron.com	13816	null	null
jguenter@andromeda.rutgers.edu	13817	null	null
ddoyle@nyiso.com	13818	null	null
samrep2@aol.com	13819	null	null
tbutt@pioneeroil-co.com	13820	null	null
premier100@computerworld.com	13821	null	null
tbradley@utsystem.edu	13822	null	null
tbradley@bracepatt.com	13822	null	null
9069761@enron.com	13823	null	null
9069761@skytel.com	13823	null	null
flora.james@enron.com	13824	null	null
gis.enron@enron.com	13825	null	null
bridget.fraser@enron.com	13826	null	null
steven.krimsky@enron.com	13827	null	null
t.j.cannon@worldnet.att.net	13828	null	null
marina.tchernokojeva@enron.com	13829	null	null
lacker@llgm.com	13830	null	null
sierraforestproducts@onemain.com	13831	null	null
brian.perrone@enron.com	13832	null	null
fontana@haas.berkeley.edu	13833	null	null
valarie.sabo@pacificorp.com	13834	null	null
'sabo@enron.com	13834	null	null
valarie.sabo@enron.com	13834	null	null
kim.lesley@enron.com	13835	null	null
mgoldstein@stroock.com	13836	null	null
jeffrey.golden@enron.com	13837	null	null
jeffrey.golden@allenovery.com	13837	null	null
boykin.dell@enron.com	13838	null	null
karin.ahamer@enron.com	13839	null	null
jon.enerson@enron.com	13840	null	null
gmann@viviance.com	13841	null	null
sumjobs@haas.berkeley.edu	13842	null	null
mgrigg@kilstock.com	13843	null	null
leave-htmlnews-2570826v@lists.autoweb.com	13844	null	null
tony.vasut@enron.com	13845	null	null
jhb513@aol.com	13846	null	null
crow.meredith@enron.com	13847	null	null
crow@millernash.com	13847	null	null
lane.capron@enron.com	13848	null	null
lane.capron@ci.boston.ma.us	13848	null	null
david.ho@enron.com	13849	null	null
fishkinc@hotmail.com	13850	null	null
s.tomlin@mail.utexas.edu	13851	null	null
john.godbold@enron.com	13852	null	null
mmalmeida@elektro.com.br	13853	null	null
bfritch@enron.com	13854	null	null
ana.lozano@enron.com	13855	null	null
david.gibbons@enron.com	13856	null	null
rnuschler@akingump.com	13857	null	null
smortimer@stdauto.com	13858	null	null
chapmagj2@dow.com	13859	null	null
mauro.gillette@intecengineering.com	13860	null	null
gillette@enron.com	13860	null	null
'mauro'@enron.com	13860	null	null
rachel.thames@enform.com	13861	null	null
thames@enron.com	13861	null	null
timprice@globalhobby.net	13862	null	null
timprice@globalhobb.net	13862	null	null
lisa.sutton@enron.com	13863	null	null
rgrove@isda.org	13864	null	null
rgrove@ix.netcom.com	13864	null	null
mailreply@idrc.org	13865	null	null
gfong@haas.berkeley.edu	13866	null	null
pradeep.gupta@cambira.com	13867	null	null
pradeep@cambira.com	13867	null	null
snyder'.'byron@enron.com	13868	null	null
biliana_pehlivanova@yahoo.com	13869	null	null
biliana.pehlivanova@enron.com	13869	null	null
artsllc@aol.com	13870	null	null
ajax1642@planet-save.com	13871	null	null
petec@calpine.com	13872	null	null
madrigal.larry@enron.com	13873	null	null
brad.aimone@enron.com	13874	null	null
shelley.robbins.enronxgate@enron.com	13875	null	null
shelley.robbins@enron.com	13875	null	null
ross.mesquita@enron.com	13876	null	null
zuzana.strmenova@enron.com	13877	null	null
listannouncefrom@dmband.com	13878	null	null
sandy.sheffield@enron.com	13879	null	null
frenchdailylesson@tempest.parlo.com	13880	null	null
enron.corporate.administrative.services@enron.com	13881	null	null
pnzbutwtoxfs5@hotmail.com	13882	null	null
basil.tate@sc.navigant.com	13883	null	null
emartin@utmb.edu	13884	null	null
emartin@state.nm.us	13884	null	null
hskendall@email.msn.com	13885	null	null
bgott1@excite.com	13886	null	null
khoang@prmllp.com	13887	null	null
jim.leroy@enron.com	13888	null	null
mgalicki@menil.org	13889	null	null
richard.deyoung@ubspw.com	13890	null	null
'deyoung@enron.com	13890	null	null
myers.je@enron.com	13891	null	null
pdalessandro@houston.rr.com	13892	null	null
cptdougie@aol.com	13893	null	null
rpaulk@hmstead.com	13894	null	null
mary.border@enron.com	13895	null	null
jimhain@wiz.ixgate	13896	null	null
cdelpag@rice.edu	13897	null	null
ghkim@sk-enron.com	13898	null	null
hunter.gready@enron.com	13899	null	null
avallow@lodielectric.com	13900	null	null
fred.lagastra@enron.com	13901	null	null
kquigley@enron.com	13902	null	null
snapplekap@aol.com	13903	null	null
tamos@naico.com	13904	null	null
scottf@bammel.org	13905	null	null
stevenc@pandaenergy.com	13906	null	null
vince_j_kaminski@ei.enron.com	13907	null	null
vince_j_kaminski@enron.com	13907	null	null
vince.j.kaminski@enron.com	13907	null	null
jmumford@socalgas.com	13908	null	null
scott_a_edmonson@amat.com	13909	null	null
donna.hutton@enron.com	13910	null	null
listsupport@internet.com	13911	null	null
42.1567.3d-oirnobvg6tfm4slfwsrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	13912	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.35@post.intellimedia.com	13913	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.104@post.intellimedia.com	13913	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.59@post.intellimedia.com	13913	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.134@post.intellimedia.com	13913	null	null
airtran_airways_net_escapes.um.a.35.127@post.intellimedia.com	13913	null	null
jae.black@enron.com	13914	null	null
carol.lovell@stanford.edu	13915	null	null
chuck.andrews@enron.com	13916	null	null
andrew.katz@enron.com	13917	null	null
andrew.katz@constellation.com	13917	null	null
andrew'.'katz@enron.com	13917	null	null
hari@haas.berkeley.edu	13918	null	null
434481.282903899.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	13919	null	null
dwilkes@keyspanenergy.com	13920	null	null
kevin_b_murphy@ml.com	13921	null	null
dwrd10hgtm@msn.com	13922	null	null
gina.calderon@enron.com	13923	null	null
samcg1@aol.com	13924	null	null
regan.smith@enron.com	13925	null	null
taupo.dennis@enron.com	13926	null	null
phil.boggs@enron.com	13927	null	null
boggs@newbasics.com	13927	null	null
milesa@livetechsolutions.com	13928	null	null
patrick.marchand@enron.com	13929	null	null
mendez.janie@enron.com	13930	null	null
kdaven@ruf.rice.edu	13931	null	null
chandler.rou@enron.com	13932	null	null
william.campbell@enron.com	13933	null	null
butch.russell@enron.com	13934	null	null
tonyahoppe@ev1.net	13935	null	null
zack.starbird@mirant.com	13936	null	null
dkelso@socrates.berkeley.edu	13937	null	null
kevin.cline@enron.com	13938	null	null
ashley.fay@enron.com	13939	null	null
teresa.mcomber@enron.com	13940	null	null
linda.goetz@enron.com	13941	null	null
abc111@mail.uole.com.ve	13942	null	null
fredericks.wesley@dorseylaw.com	13943	null	null
stacey.richardson@enron.com	13944	null	null
xi.xi@enron.com	13945	null	null
flemingryan99@hotmail.com	13946	null	null
lhanse@br-inc.com	13947	null	null
atabor@dow.com	13948	null	null
dawno@midwestenergy.org	13949	null	null
mcostello@kappasearch.com	13950	null	null
l310rl10v@msn.com	13951	null	null
blabonge@aol.com	13952	null	null
jeffrey.snyder@enron.com	13953	null	null
ftp_mail8530@flashmail.com	13954	null	null
jeffw@worldstrides.com	13955	null	null
jeffw@calpine.com	13955	null	null
ctrice@powersrc.com	13956	null	null
eksasson@swidlaw.com	13957	null	null
delkins@interwoven.com	13958	null	null
'mayher@enron.com	13959	null	null
bill_beecher@i2.com	13960	null	null
lkelly@dinkinslaw.com	13961	null	null
bhindin@eei.org	13962	null	null
eba-4@aga.org	13963	null	null
brbarkovich@earthlink.net	13964	null	null
keith.anderson@enron.com	13965	null	null
gadams@icfconsulting.com	13966	null	null
k.schmitt@pecorp.com	13967	null	null
leonardo.pacheco@enron.com	13968	null	null
pmorrison@nyiso.com	13969	null	null
markus.buergler@ubsw.com	13970	null	null
newcasinonow@yahoo.com	13971	null	null
lisa.wolfe@enron.com	13972	null	null
e._lan@minx.co.uk	13973	null	null
scott.laidlaw@enron.com	13974	null	null
leslie.milosevich@kp.org	13975	null	null
afternoon20@alerts.equityalert.com	13976	null	null
tom.mertz@enron.com	13977	null	null
sdeleon@reliant.com	13978	null	null
riches.john@enron.com	13979	null	null
john_riches@msn.com	13979	null	null
christina.barthel@enron.com	13980	null	null
quicktime_news@applenews.lists.apple.com	13981	null	null
mitchs@gfsloans.com	13982	null	null
ic@enron.com	13983	null	null
tim.mckone@enron.com	13984	null	null
lvidal1@epelectric.com	13985	null	null
mikemc@swps.com	13986	null	null
acook@utilicorp.com	13987	null	null
iertx@hern.org	13988	null	null
sbigalow@email.msn.com	13989	null	null
sbigalow@msn.com	13989	null	null
"sbigalow"@enron.com	13989	null	null
admissions@amunet.edu	13990	null	null
ahauser@txpetrochem.com	13991	null	null
winnerannouncements@info.iwon.com	13992	null	null
savino.charlie@enron.com	13993	null	null
mary.fuzat@enron.com	13994	null	null
rousseau.anthony@enron.com	13995	null	null
brad.gossett@enron.com	13996	null	null
hoekstra.aldyn@enron.com	13997	null	null
2.2873.48-oy0-gd2ovdf6.1@cda01.cdnow.com	13998	null	null
rbeuerlein@aglife.com	13999	null	null
eligible.employees@enron.com	14000	null	null
tlr@dwgp.com	14001	null	null
shcctrade@eudoramail.com	14002	null	null
denean_probasco@vistaar.com	14003	null	null
lbautista@flagtelecom.com	14004	null	null
jose.anson@enron.com	14005	null	null
heidi.hellmann@enron.com	14006	null	null
dave.roberts@enron.com	14007	null	null
jm.glover@meritenergy.com	14008	null	null
glover@neto.com	14008	null	null
mills.ariail@odnss.com	14009	null	null
dtusa@nova.sparklist.com	14010	null	null
reid.gray@csfb.com	14011	null	null
selma_meyerowitz@yahoo.com	14012	null	null
sylvia.perez@enron.com	14013	null	null
raquel.lopez@enron.com	14014	null	null
brian.bawden@enron.com	14015	null	null
john.goodpasture@enron.com	14016	null	null
terrc@andrews-kurth.com	14017	null	null
carol.moffett@enron.com	14018	null	null
colinpt@cadvision.com	14019	null	null
jmstebbins@duke-energy.com	14020	null	null
michael.anderson@enron.com	14021	null	null
fberg@swbell.net	14022	null	null
bnpparibascommodityfutureslimited@bnpparibas.com	14023	null	null
awolf@napanet.net	14024	null	null
r..keller@enron.com	14025	null	null
bfpjv@c-zone.net	14026	null	null
tastorey@enron.com	14027	null	null
tastorey@earthlink.com	14027	null	null
amoreno@enron.com	14028	null	null
jshneer@interlog.com	14029	null	null
wbt@convene.com	14030	null	null
2.3841.89-uboq_x1lr0jw.1@cda01.cdnow.com	14031	null	null
janbar-request@gateway.stcl.edu	14032	null	null
janbar@gateway.stcl.edu	14032	null	null
accounts@ezboard.com	14033	null	null
accounts@quickbase.com	14033	null	null
lmiller1@pnm.com	14034	null	null
mauescud@yahoo.com	14035	null	null
cora_pendergrass@enron.com	14036	null	null
cora.pendergrass@enron.com	14036	null	null
petersen_kyle@jpmorgan.com	14037	null	null
hellorick@aol.com	14038	null	null
rowens@iconconsultants.com	14039	null	null
paul.e.day@uk.arthurandersen.com	14040	null	null
steve.may@alliedsignal.com	14041	null	null
anstiben@aol.com	14042	null	null
kclausen@mitchellgs.com	14043	null	null
wade_a_hoefling@reliantenergy.com	14044	null	null
brenda.savage@blakes.com	14045	null	null
bounce-otcjournal-707639@lyris.otcjournal.com	14046	null	null
lilqtee912@eudoramail.com	14047	null	null
randell.l.gay@enron.com	14048	null	null
michael.pearson@enron.com	14049	null	null
charlotteday@hotmail.com	14050	null	null
cynthia.warner@eds.com	14051	null	null
scott.stoness@enron.com	14052	null	null
bridgette.anderson@enron.com	14053	null	null
bridgette_anderson@enron.com	14053	null	null
tharp.larry@enron.com	14054	null	null
hyperion@hyperion.rsc02.com	14055	null	null
adventurehf@pdq.net	14056	null	null
ruehl'.'charles@enron.com	14057	null	null
ruehl.charles@enron.com	14057	null	null
1.3243.ad-ld1a17bbsold.1@mailer.realage.com	14058	null	null
omer.muftuler@enron.com	14059	null	null
'john.dietz@enron.com	14060	null	null
tti@rcnchicago.com	14061	null	null
domain.manager@register.com	14062	null	null
kevin.boudreaux@enron.com	14063	null	null
billhogue@aec.ca	14064	null	null
pete.davis@enron.com	14065	null	null
pete.davis@enroon.com	14065	null	null
shasha.li@enron.com	14066	null	null
wagner.sharon@enron.com	14067	null	null
alangdon@gpc.ca	14068	null	null
amir.baig@enron.com	14069	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_035517@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	14070	null	null
schwabalerts.accountactivity@schwab.com	14071	null	null
chelsea.bardal@enron.com	14072	null	null
user67@excite.com	14073	null	null
sashim@yahoo.com	14074	null	null
educanto@msn.com	14075	null	null
bajapsen@aol.com	14076	null	null
marc_eschenburg@eogresources.com	14077	null	null
powersurgeupdatelist@friedwire.com	14078	null	null
eric.schubert@puc.state.tx.us	14079	null	null
schubert@socrates.berkeley.edu	14079	null	null
gpierce@camh.org	14080	null	null
l..mims@enron.com	14081	null	null
gordon.sick@rogroup.com	14082	null	null
dplachy@hotmail.com	14083	null	null
phil.hackney@enron.com	14084	null	null
jperry@sppc.com	14085	null	null
jperry@tdmn.com	14085	null	null
james.nj@enron.com	14086	null	null
wdgermany@enron.com	14087	null	null
rmr@vcn.com	14088	null	null
dan.bunch@enron.com	14089	null	null
levo.howard@enron.com	14090	null	null
duffie@smtp1.stanford.edu	14091	null	null
duffie@stanford.edu	14091	null	null
duffie@smtp2.stanford.edu	14091	null	null
wherndon@tractebelusa.com	14092	null	null
geresj@tdusa.com	14093	null	null
randy.armstrong@enron.com	14094	null	null
f23418@24h.co.jp	14095	null	null
f23418@inbox.ru	14095	null	null
f23418@mail.777.net.cn	14095	null	null
brandon.oliveira@enron.com	14096	null	null
sneal@ei.enron.com	14097	null	null
sneal@ect.enron.com	14097	null	null
sneal@enron.com	14097	null	null
aharrington@deltapower.com	14098	null	null
holly.keiser@enron.com	14099	null	null
holly@layfam.com	14099	null	null
derek.young@fmr.com	14100	null	null
michael.seely@enron.com	14101	null	null
yeomansw@niagaramohawk.com	14102	null	null
smcelroy@howellcorp.com	14103	null	null
barkod@coned.com	14104	null	null
kdlrwqeyr6r6@hotmail.com	14105	null	null
connie.cassady@enron.com	14106	null	null
hobbiezm@yahoo.com	14107	null	null
security-bugpatch@bdcimail.com	14108	null	null
jd.buss@enron.com	14109	null	null
houston.report@enron.com	14110	null	null
pooky@pipeline.com	14111	null	null
jeff.hoover@enron.com	14112	null	null
janice.hollaway@enron.com	14113	null	null
lmcorder@shell.com	14114	null	null
kmumu@private.21cn.com	14115	null	null
hampton@enron.com	14116	null	null
patrick.johnson@enron.com	14117	null	null
elchristensen@snopud.com	14118	null	null
clifford.laundon@omgroup.com	14119	null	null
arianna_king@rsconst.com	14120	null	null
onvacation@email.msn.com	14121	null	null
onvacation@pdq.net	14121	null	null
ed_dipersio@hotmail.com	14122	null	null
ezra@airmail.net	14123	null	null
ezra@lucidcircus.com	14123	null	null
clabelle@bblnyrep.com	14124	null	null
james.coffey@enron.com	14125	null	null
mark.c.austin@us.andersen.com	14126	null	null
mark.austin@enron.com	14126	null	null
senglander@tca-us.com	14127	null	null
mcin.davis@enron.com	14128	null	null
vera.jones@enron.com	14129	null	null
alpha-@caramail.com	14130	null	null
jlietz@calpine.com	14131	null	null
megan.angelos@enron.com	14132	null	null
e1vcvflitp3dd@hotmail.com	14133	null	null
kleinmanj@dsmo.com	14134	null	null
sportsinteraction@opt41.naviantnetwork.net	14135	null	null
sportsinteraction@opt-in-net.net	14135	null	null
sportsinteraction@opt-in.coopt.com	14135	null	null
texansnews@newsletter.houstontexans.com	14136	null	null
joseph.doucet@ualberta.ca	14137	null	null
alberto.jimenez@enron.com	14138	null	null
hottoday@ctstrader.com	14139	null	null
douglasdyer@msn.com	14140	null	null
ann.monshaugen@enron.com	14141	null	null
oe".'"brenner@enron.com	14142	null	null
janet.tran@enron.com	14143	null	null
armando.calvo@elpaso.com	14144	null	null
brent.oncale@enron.com	14145	null	null
tumphrey@energyatlantic.com	14146	null	null
jane.wilhite@enron.com	14147	null	null
klexplore@aol.com	14148	null	null
john.ruiz@enron.com	14149	null	null
christopher.cramer@enron.com	14150	null	null
9.ews@enron.com	14151	null	null
queue@ebay.com	14152	null	null
networkcommerce-rcxx20011212@ombramarketing.com	14153	null	null
andy.maus@enron.com	14154	null	null
gerry.oconnor@auxsable.com	14155	null	null
sschultz@carrfutures.com	14156	null	null
pat_hudson@eott.com	14157	null	null
pat.hudson@enron.com	14157	null	null
renee.enron@enron.com	14158	null	null
cmcwhert@bankunited.com	14159	null	null
trevor@shadowpack.com	14160	null	null
trevor@enron.com	14160	null	null
mharr@summitenergy.com	14161	null	null
cclark@ect.enron.com	14162	null	null
hvo@adaytum.com	14163	null	null
todd.taylor@enron.com	14164	null	null
sasselin@trigon-sheehan.com	14165	null	null
virginia.hodge@ubspw.com	14166	null	null
virginia.hodge@ubspainewebber.com	14166	null	null
virginia.hodge@painewebber.com	14166	null	null
iharrison@tmh.tmc.edu	14167	null	null
bajaj@haas.berkeley.edu	14168	null	null
jtrostant@yahoo.com	14169	null	null
kelly.loocke@enron.com	14170	null	null
blackj@wellsfargo.com	14171	null	null
onlineautosales@geico.com	14172	null	null
north.america_europe@enron.com	14173	null	null
orcasouth@yahoo.com	14174	null	null
gockerman@enron.com	14175	null	null
cyndi.alvarado@enron.com	14176	null	null
momchristo@aol.com	14177	null	null
trifecta01.15@reply.pm0.net	14178	null	null
webmastr@www1.pjm.com	14179	null	null
clay.elliott@enron.com	14180	null	null
sig.anderson@enron.com	14181	null	null
jrozelle@ruf.rice.edu	14182	null	null
fernandr@talgov.com	14183	null	null
kelly.brodbeck@enron.com	14184	null	null
syrobert@wharton.upenn.edu	14185	null	null
paulk@enron.com	14186	null	null
gr42271@csmail.corp.fedex.com	14187	null	null
eklinkner@ci.pasadena.ca.us	14188	null	null
john.wisniewski@exxonmobil.com	14189	null	null
sreinar@enron.com	14190	null	null
bob.shiring@rweamericas.com	14191	null	null
schick.ana@enron.com	14192	null	null
betatest@offrtz.com	14193	null	null
aaron.klemm@enron.com	14194	null	null
jedwards@columbiaenergygroup.com	14195	null	null
smbraband@aep.com	14196	null	null
aweller@sel.com	14197	null	null
readingbuddy@yahoo.com	14198	null	null
patrick.tronnier@oatiinc.com	14199	null	null
odw@rice.edu	14200	null	null
johnduke@weedmail.com	14201	null	null
troy.denetsosie@enron.com	14202	null	null
sbishop@gibbs-brun.com	14203	null	null
sbishop@gibbsbruns.com	14203	null	null
sbishop@gibbs-bruns.com	14203	null	null
aeng@aoshouston.org	14204	null	null
john.lemacks@edex.edwards.af.mil	14205	null	null
john.lemacks@edwards.af.mil	14205	null	null
raw@cpuc.ca.gov	14206	null	null
conal.tackney@enron.com	14207	null	null
mmgshell@aol.com	14208	null	null
john.buchanan@enron.com	14209	null	null
jose.betancourt@enron.com	14210	null	null
r-8-728387-2376233-2-6469-us2-9e98b8b3@xmr3.com	14211	null	null
suzanne.clapp@enron.com	14212	null	null
cgunter@bracepatt.com	14213	null	null
expediafaretracker_029474@expedia.customer-email.com	14214	null	null
emclaug@enron.com	14215	null	null
jilla@sspr.com	14216	null	null
tim.f.riordan@conoco.com	14217	null	null
gage@bkollp.com	14218	null	null
dkoya@mwe.com	14219	null	null
winus@rocketmail.com	14220	null	null
chris.croom@enron.com	14221	null	null
mark_berg@agfg.com	14222	null	null
m2rm0c@horizontes.com.br	14223	null	null
chartsell@unimarkllc.com	14224	null	null
stefan.niesler@enron.com	14225	null	null
john.greene@enron.com	14226	null	null
holly.heath@enron.com	14227	null	null
rockford.meyer@enron.com	14228	null	null
r-9-728387-1667935-2-6778-us2-6ff3b621@xmr3.com	14229	null	null
fred.marks@compaq.com	14230	null	null
bobrien@utilicorp.com	14231	null	null
carolyn.communications@enron.com	14232	null	null
xrg@enron.com	14233	null	null
mathis.calvin@enron.com	14234	null	null
nyiso_cset@lists.nyiso.com	14235	null	null
bmoore@enron.com	14236	null	null
bmoore@tmanage.com	14236	null	null
katalin_kiss@transalta.com	14237	null	null
john.swinney@enron.com	14238	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_031473@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	14239	null	null
ranabir.dutt@enron.com	14240	null	null
maryhelen.martinez@enron.com	14241	null	null
maryhelen@igainc.com	14241	null	null
gretchen.hardeway@enron.com	14242	null	null
emily.butler@enron.com	14243	null	null
ma@enron.com	14244	null	null
jordis.blaschke@enron.com	14245	null	null
steveswerd@aol.com	14246	null	null
dguest2@andrews-kurth.com	14247	null	null
jra4@cornell.edu	14248	null	null
bryan.hull@enron.com	14249	null	null
bakert@prpa.org	14250	null	null
vibergd@cadvision.com	14251	null	null
hsmith@houstonstreet.com	14252	null	null
m..kumbalek@enron.com	14253	null	null
schwecke@enron.com	14254	null	null
jbutala@hess.com	14255	null	null
kenneth.kaase@enron.com	14256	null	null
cheryl.costa@enron.com	14257	null	null
birdsey@haas.berkeley.edu	14258	null	null
susan.harrison@enron.com	14259	null	null
hailu@enron.com	14260	null	null
zuroff.adele@enron.com	14261	null	null
lbarth@icsi.net	14262	null	null
julia.pittman@enron.com	14263	null	null
bounce-smallcapdigest-95352d@lyris.smallcapnetwork.net	14264	null	null
guillermo.atenor@enron.com	14265	null	null
osba-report-online@lists.ohiobar.org	14266	null	null
diem.pham@enron.com	14267	null	null
dgold@sonic.net	14268	null	null
kitchenlady@sprintmail.com	14269	null	null
rdonoghue@mphlegal.com	14270	null	null
lupita.cantu@enron.com	14271	null	null
torr@exchange.ml.com	14272	null	null
torr@aeglobalmarkets.com	14272	null	null
ssims@gie.com	14273	null	null
ssims@bechtel.com	14273	null	null
om"."riley@enron.com	14274	null	null
harry.kingerski@enron.com	14275	null	null
kingerski'.'harry@enron.com	14275	null	null
kingerski@enron.com	14275	null	null
chip.gist@ourclub.com	14276	null	null
hahn.tom@enron.com	14277	null	null
tom.hahn@apbenergy.com	14277	null	null
'hahn@enron.com	14277	null	null
stephen.barth@enron.com	14278	null	null
jduring@royallepage2.com	14279	null	null
desrae.nicholson@enron.com	14280	null	null
laurie.lee@enron.com	14281	null	null
pssfnmoviv@bluemail.dk	14282	null	null
sweiner@owc.com	14283	null	null
steved.hawk@funb.com	14284	null	null
steved@nepco.com	14284	null	null
hawk@wt.net	14284	null	null
shogan@haas.berkeley.edu	14285	null	null
lynnette.lopez-silva@enron.com	14286	null	null
glenn.sloan@enron.com	14287	null	null
boulder445@aol.com	14288	null	null
ukluckyfares@icelandair.is	14289	null	null
mhomco@houston.rr.com	14290	null	null
ghoshr@ruf.rice.edu	14291	null	null
ghoshr@rice.edu	14291	null	null
milder.mcgee@verizon.net	14292	null	null
emalow@earthlink.net	14293	null	null
dborn@llgm.com	14294	null	null
killian.gilbert-smith@sci-us.com	14295	null	null
john.reese@orionpower.com	14296	null	null
j..reese@enron.com	14296	null	null
bcrouch@primeenergy.com	14297	null	null
bcrouch@hotmail.com	14297	null	null
tomcochran@stadacona.ca	14298	null	null
mbennett.egapost.ega@epsa.org	14299	null	null
mbennett@epsa.org	14299	null	null
michael.neves@enron.com	14300	null	null
ling.li@enron.com	14301	null	null
sktischer@duke-energy.com	14302	null	null
elinnell@enron.com	14303	null	null
cycle.ftworth@enron.com	14304	null	null
mlbnew@mail10.rd121.com	14305	null	null
sharon.tanner@enron.com	14306	null	null
raggedy_andrea@joymail.com	14307	null	null
hamel@rice.edu	14308	null	null
hamel@ruf.rice.edu	14308	null	null
mlangermann@2onesource.com	14309	null	null
julie.gomez@enron.com	14310	null	null
donald.vignaroli@enron.com	14311	null	null
goodin@enron.com	14312	null	null
eliana.marcon@enron.com	14313	null	null
jdecker@entergy.com	14314	null	null
jdecker@austingrp.com	14314	null	null
m1439@portugalmail.pt	14315	null	null
fantasy@foxsports.com	14316	null	null
expedia.co.uk_035162@expedia.uk.customer-email.com	14317	null	null
jakeifer@aep.com	14318	null	null
cshelton@mfah.org	14319	null	null
heightsguys@houston.rr.com	14320	null	null
bobby.pritchard@enron.com	14321	null	null
3rggd0to4@home.com	14322	null	null
merrell'.'william@enron.com	14323	null	null
diego.hollweck@enron.com	14324	null	null
insynconline.63zbrtph.d@insync-palm.com	14325	null	null
msmith1@enron.com	14326	null	null
rmasciangel@duke.com	14327	null	null
kopetzky@enron.com	14328	null	null
a..evans@enron.com	14329	null	null
monica.rodriguez@enron.com	14330	null	null
ricardo.ron@enron.com	14331	null	null
jbq@quinnemanuel.com	14332	null	null
steven.martin07@ey.com	14333	null	null
peggy.miller@enron.com	14334	null	null
alex.wong@enron.com	14335	null	null
lashonda.laday@enron.com	14336	null	null
msmlbaker@hotmail.com	14337	null	null
edmunds.robert@enron.com	14338	null	null
1a7info1@altavista.se	14339	null	null
adesioye@u-t-g.de	14340	null	null
jmcc_tx@msn.com	14341	null	null
ab.green@kali.com.cn	14342	null	null
barney.brasher@enron.com	14343	null	null
laura.kinningham@enron.com	14344	null	null
william.mauco@enron.com	14345	null	null
melissa.allen@enron.com	14346	null	null
georgene.moore@enron.com	14347	null	null
g..moore@enron.com	14347	null	null
shalperin@houston.rr.com	14348	null	null
cogrvyfgvr@mecom.net	14349	null	null
stores@borders.m0.net	14350	null	null
christie.connell@enron.com	14351	null	null
johnson.donna@enron.com	14352	null	null
donna.johnson@enron.com	14352	null	null
v.dickerson@enron.com	14353	null	null
ets.eprocurement.users@enron.com	14354	null	null
nallo@enron.com	14355	null	null
aburman@earthlink.net	14356	null	null
linda.anderson@enron.com	14357	null	null
rachael.king@elpaso.com	14358	null	null
legal.3@enron.com	14359	null	null
ericf@apbenergy.com	14360	null	null
ericf@prestongates.com	14360	null	null
ekybcmmpvqxneklm@yahoo.ca	14361	null	null
aastavast@earthlink.net	14362	null	null
john.haggerty@enron.com	14363	null	null
joe.hartsoe@enron.com	14364	null	null
fryebaby@home.com	14365	null	null
everaertn@sullcrom.com	14366	null	null
lplotkin@burntsand.com	14367	null	null
laurence.e.stuart@bakernet.com	14368	null	null
jeff.herrold@enron.com	14369	null	null
cgrissom@dvax.com	14370	null	null
marie.newhouse@enron.com	14371	null	null
markskilling@hotmail.com	14372	null	null
cherylf@autodesk.com	14373	null	null
nicolehyatt@hotmail.com	14374	null	null
john.l.nowlan@enron.com	14375	null	null
john.nowlan@enron.com	14375	null	null
jamie.lynn@enron.com	14376	null	null
david.fontana@enron.com	14377	null	null
ghasley@akingump.com	14378	null	null
dew@blakes.com	14379	null	null
alannatanner@earthlink.net	14380	null	null
jhill@tmh.tmc.edu	14381	null	null
dallaschic34@yahoo.com	14382	null	null
tucker.jeff@enron.com	14383	null	null
tomd@amerexenergy.com	14384	null	null
wcarlson@wm.com	14385	null	null
wendy.koh@enron.com	14386	null	null
maureen.sampson@enron.com	14387	null	null
dan_j_bump@enron.com	14388	null	null
j..bump@enron.com	14388	null	null
dan.j.bump@enron.com	14388	null	null
jwalsh@brooklynx.org	14389	null	null
cherie.l.steigerwald@dynegy.com	14390	null	null
cherie@enron.com	14390	null	null
bob.dunn@enron.com	14391	null	null
chuck.mackie@intcx.com	14392	null	null
ludkam@aol.com	14393	null	null
raul.rizo-patron@enron.com	14394	null	null
timothy.l.ray@enron.com	14395	null	null
timothy.ray@enron.com	14395	null	null
leslie.then@enron.com	14396	null	null
tomb@crossborderenergy.com	14397	null	null
kenlay@enron.com	14398	null	null
thestandard@boing.email-publisher.com	14399	null	null
1800flowers.198821782@s2u2.com	14400	null	null
john.best@enron.com	14401	null	null
jeff.goforth@williams.com	14402	null	null
gregoryhunt@home.com	14403	null	null
pedro.manrique@enron.com	14404	null	null
clay.harris@enron.com	14405	null	null
rebecca.quenet@eds.com	14406	null	null
liu.charles@enron.com	14407	null	null
aharpaz@doverinstrument.com	14408	null	null
10mn4lnl@msn.com	14409	null	null
cstark@enron.com	14410	null	null
ken.riesz@naes.com	14411	null	null
gmithoff@infohwy.com	14412	null	null
marcel@empirenatgas.com	14413	null	null
marcel@turn.org	14413	null	null
gstorey@ect.enron.com	14414	null	null
gstorey@enron.com	14414	null	null
dlemmon@colpipe.com	14415	null	null
jake.thomas@enron.com	14416	null	null
jake@calpine.com	14416	null	null
ceci.torn@enron.com	14417	null	null
rsilvay@hess.com	14418	null	null
fisher.paul@enron.com	14419	null	null
1clubgold@hertzgold.com	14420	null	null
gradziel.carol@enron.com	14421	null	null
bagray@calpx.com	14422	null	null
sjercich@caiso.com	14423	null	null
ken.skilling@enron.com	14424	null	null
aachazen@yahoo.com	14425	null	null
kypzrdiavx@mail2.emediatemail.com	14426	null	null
matthew_faunce@notes.teradyne.com	14427	null	null
faunce.matthew@enron.com	14427	null	null
matthew_faunce@raytheon.com	14427	null	null
faunce'.'matthew@enron.com	14427	null	null
anthony.d.pryor@dynegy.com	14428	null	null
ngdecler@facstaff.wisc.edu	14429	null	null
derrick.corey@williams.com	14430	null	null
j7ihuqnv@yahoo.co.uk	14431	null	null
sandra.hernandez@crescentcom.com	14432	null	null
sandra_hernandez@uniteddc.com	14432	null	null
msimonet@siemens-emis.com	14433	null	null
leblancd@legis.state.la.us	14434	null	null
mkerbow@pcenergy.com	14435	null	null
stuart.leask@nottingham.ac.uk	14436	null	null
chartman@nbsrealtors.com	14437	null	null
jimrod63@aol.com	14438	null	null
awatson@haas.berkeley.edu	14439	null	null
susan.smith@enron.com	14440	null	null
1800flowers.209594876@s2u2.com	14441	null	null
grant.patterson@enron.com	14442	null	null
theindividualinvestor@tdwaterhouse.com	14443	null	null
dfranklin@hanovermeasurement.com	14444	null	null
todd.hall@enron.com	14445	null	null
jkrieger@ggfcmk.com	14446	null	null
paula.schaetzle@enron.com	14447	null	null
iconferences@email.erisks.com	14448	null	null
jeff_kohne@rsmi.com	14449	null	null
larry.deroin@enron.com	14450	null	null
steven.leung@enron.com	14451	null	null
scott_parker@kindermorgan.com	14452	null	null
mathworks-mail@mathworks.com	14453	null	null
davidlu@nepco.com	14454	null	null
anne.labbe@enron.com	14455	null	null
labbe@enron.com	14455	null	null
mcurry@enron.com	14456	null	null
dsourceva@mediaone.net	14457	null	null
fqian@andrew.cmu.edu	14458	null	null
jgolub@bakerbotts.com	14459	null	null
dla6138201@aol.com	14460	null	null
john.watson@pdq.net	14461	null	null
john.watson@pdq.ent	14461	null	null
watson'.'john@enron.com	14461	null	null
virginia.long@enron.com	14462	null	null
terry.donovan@enron.com	14463	null	null
'arny'@enron.com	14464	null	null
nikhil.shah@enron.com	14465	null	null
soegaard@bellae.com	14466	null	null
rsnitkin@txpm.com	14467	null	null
skjohn79@aol.com	14468	null	null
citibank@info.citibankcards.com	14469	null	null
citibank@citibank.m0.net	14469	null	null
cattlepig@earthlink.net	14470	null	null
sgd8@cornell.edu	14471	null	null
jmcostan@mwbb.com	14472	null	null
'merlinm'@enron.com	14473	null	null
merlinm@uswest.net	14473	null	null
merlinm@qwest.net	14473	null	null
mmore@houston.rr.com	14474	null	null
stuartw17@hotmail.com	14475	null	null
michael.bridges@enron.com	14476	null	null
dan.munson@wisconsingas.com	14477	null	null
ccooney@enron.com	14478	null	null
marmon.shelley@enron.com	14479	null	null
d..hare@enron.com	14480	null	null
tinah53374@aol.com	14481	null	null
sam.kemp@enron.com	14482	null	null
chris.keahey@elpaso.com	14483	null	null
lhmorris@att.net	14484	null	null
gblair@ei.enron.com	14485	null	null
gblair@enron.com	14485	null	null
narasim.kasaru@enron.com	14486	null	null
worldwidereg@apexmail.com	14487	null	null
bgsrinidhi@hotmail.com	14488	null	null
edward.ondarza@enron.net	14489	null	null
edward.ondarza@enron.com	14489	null	null
edward.ondarza@enron.netedward.ondarza	14489	null	null
travelsmith.193805657@s2u2.com	14490	null	null
8889069761@skytel.com	14491	null	null
khristina.griffin@enron.com	14492	null	null
1gr8coach@home.com	14493	null	null
scott.beilharz@gehh.ge.com	14494	null	null
arnold.m.paxton@akzo-nobel.com	14495	null	null
arnold.paxton@akzonobel.com	14495	null	null
william.askew@enron.com	14496	null	null
fcalvillo@cmgn.com.mx	14497	null	null
cyber.player@mailman.enron.com	14498	null	null
jan.johnson@enron.com	14499	null	null
skaczenski@velaw.com	14500	null	null
cshaddock@lockeliddell.com	14501	null	null
michael.wood@enron.com	14502	null	null
m..wood@enron.com	14502	null	null
kevinm@ncpa.com	14503	null	null
marcie.holtman@enron.com	14504	null	null
1.3992.38-yanwsdx2psuj.1@mailer.realage.com	14505	null	null
siverlka@pssch.ps.ge.com	14506	null	null
carolyn.gilley@enron.com	14507	null	null
varner@eweb.eugene.or.us	14508	null	null
russell.ballato@enron.com	14509	null	null
esther.buckley@enron.com	14510	null	null
elboland@fordham.edu	14511	null	null
david.hardy@enron.com	14512	null	null
hewettg@southwestern.edu	14513	null	null
jmandelker@aol.com	14514	null	null
sschnitz@jcpenney.com	14515	null	null
zkhokher@mail.utexas.edu	14516	null	null
zkhokher@ivey.uwo.ca	14516	null	null
barras.chris@enron.com	14517	null	null
yvesca@msn.com	14518	null	null
alan.quaintance@enron.com	14519	null	null
charlotte.kraham@enron.com	14520	null	null
a..ayres@enron.com	14521	null	null
career.management.center@anderson.ucla.edu	14522	null	null
career@entergy.com	14522	null	null
krisjohnson@cogentrix.com	14523	null	null
krisjohnson@reusetech.com	14523	null	null
bounce-news-932653@lists.autoweb.com	14524	null	null
mreed@beckson.com	14525	null	null
serc-mic@serc1.org	14526	null	null
justin.fernandez@enron.com	14527	null	null
edith.cross@enron.com	14528	null	null
cross@haas.berkeley.edu	14528	null	null
barrie.michael@gov.ab.ca	14529	null	null
gilda.bartz@enron.com	14530	null	null
fvickers@enron.com	14531	null	null
liz.laminack@enron.com	14532	null	null
rick.bergsieker@enron.com	14533	null	null
kara.boudreau@enron.com	14534	null	null
gcar@vangend.demon.nl	14535	null	null
michael.roan@enron.com	14536	null	null
jessica.uhl@enron.com	14537	null	null
paul.nguyen@enron.com	14538	null	null
linda.r.guinn@enron.com	14539	null	null
r..guinn@enron.com	14539	null	null
linda.guinn@enron.com	14539	null	null
kim.coates@enron.com	14540	null	null
zoe'.'banks@enron.com	14541	null	null
banks@banksinfo.com	14541	null	null
izioautoemail@convene.com	14542	null	null
cah1_62@hotmail.com	14543	null	null
6.1526.c8-lctu__bjmgm46srr.1@mailb.travelocity.com	14544	null	null
jash@sdge.com	14545	null	null
e202a-1@haas.berkeley.edu	14546	null	null
shiliang-mao@att.net	14547	null	null
erin.abdelnour.enronxgate@enron.com	14548	null	null
erin.abdelnour@enron.com	14548	null	null
matthew.scrimshaw@enron.com	14549	null	null
bcheatham@oneok.com	14550	null	null
a..roberts@enron.com	14551	null	null
paugustini@cera.com	14552	null	null
vsmef@home.ro	14553	null	null
rob.parker@alumni.utexas.net	14554	null	null
dearwpocolleagues@nwbld.com	14555	null	null
tracie.mccormack@enron.com	14556	null	null
ddyck@mail.arco.com	14557	null	null
marting@mriresearch.com	14558	null	null
tbrowderi@czn.com	14559	null	null
dave.kellermeyer@enron.com	14560	null	null
knunnally@velaw.com	14561	null	null
1800flowers.200573461@s2u2.com	14562	null	null
lipin.steve@enron.com	14563	null	null
bcoors@aceguarantyre.com	14564	null	null
bapidutt@aol.com	14565	null	null
william.pentak@enron.com	14566	null	null
deirdre.mccaffrey@enron.com	14567	null	null
ddobson@mclanegrp.com	14568	null	null
phemsworth@nymex.com	14569	null	null
awolff_@hotmail.com	14570	null	null
dbuchanan@cc.rr.com	14571	null	null
whalenjs@pweh.com	14572	null	null
lhummel@siliconenergy.com	14573	null	null
theodore_n_jr_wright@rohmhaas.com	14574	null	null
darren.vorster@enron.com	14575	null	null
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com	14576	null	null
bill.murray@oursite.cc	14577	null	null
bill.murray@enron.com	14577	null	null
sce@sce.com	14578	null	null
max.sonnonstine@enron.com	14579	null	null
tim.mohammed@enron.com	14580	null	null
internet-9878b95x@emazing.com	14581	null	null
jennymc@train.missouri.org	14582	null	null
mark.skoyk@enron.com	14583	null	null
victor.lamadrid@ubswenergy.com	14584	null	null
victor.lamadrid@enron.com	14584	null	null
sgreen1@ix.netcom.com	14585	null	null
dinos@oskar.uchicago.edu	14586	null	null
chapters_indigo@new.chapters.ca	14587	null	null
wgmanuel@tid.org	14588	null	null
thierry_miremont@mckinsey.com	14589	null	null
brad.holmes@enron.com	14590	null	null
jmcmahon@enron.com	14591	null	null
open2win.0ll1.net@mailman.enron.com	14592	null	null
kpeck@ussposco.com	14593	null	null
tstrauss@haglerbailly.com	14594	null	null
sbarkley@ch2m.com	14595	null	null
walls@enron.com	14596	null	null
eddie.daniels@enron.com	14597	null	null
lcampbe@enron.com	14598	null	null
wissman.ellen@enron.com	14599	null	null
marty.hernandez@enron.com	14600	null	null
amcmullen@canscot.com	14601	null	null
njj-rlj@worldnet.att.net	14602	null	null
jalexander@gibbs-bruns.com	14603	null	null
smaloney@worldwrapps.com	14604	null	null
smaloney@freshlatitudes.com	14604	null	null
shaikhtania@hotmail.com	14605	null	null
maria.hendrix@usa.conoco.com	14606	null	null
mara.gonzalez@enron.com	14607	null	null
cwhite@covenant.org	14608	null	null
cwhite@vivance.com	14608	null	null
cwhite@texas.usta.com	14608	null	null
cwhite@viviance.com	14608	null	null
david.benepe@enron.com	14609	null	null
420827.86477310.2@1.americanexpress.com	14610	null	null
kimberly.hundl@enron.com	14611	null	null
sgoins@fibrogen.com	14612	null	null
crosswalk_subscribers@lists.crosswalk.com	14613	null	null
jbyrnes@dlalaw.com	14614	null	null
1800flowers.65181719@s2u2.com	14615	null	null
chris.riegler@enron.com	14616	null	null
boyceturbopower@attglobal.net	14617	null	null
moored2@epenergy.com	14618	null	null
amh88@hotmail.com	14619	null	null
kyle.purvis@enron.com	14620	null	null
conaribuaion.1345@mailman.enron.com	14621	null	null
conaribuaion.1345@oak.fujicom.co.jp	14621	null	null
twyla_s._strogen@dom.com	14622	null	null
john.race@enron.com	14623	null	null
jsschultz@duke-energy.com	14624	null	null
meredith.eggleston@enron.com	14625	null	null
jbeard@austingrp.com	14626	null	null
jbeard@halff.com	14626	null	null
duane_blackwell@vapower.com	14627	null	null
candr@sisqtel.net	14628	null	null
euston.dan@enron.com	14629	null	null
ambrose@enron.com	14630	null	null
bbennett@bpa.gov	14631	null	null
citicard@citicorp.com	14632	null	null
extramoney@mailman.enron.com	14633	null	null
david.lilley@enron.com	14634	null	null
enw.organization@enron.com	14635	null	null
carlito7@swbell.net	14636	null	null
aoc@pacbell.net	14637	null	null
klyn@pdq.net	14638	null	null
klyn@pnq.net	14638	null	null
teapot2k@yahoo.com	14639	null	null
jgosar@pcez.com	14640	null	null
michael.d.croom@us.andersen.com	14641	null	null
dick.varner@eweb.eugene.or.us	14642	null	null
dick.varner@eweb.or.us	14642	null	null
afternoon17@alerts.equityalert.com	14643	null	null
lawndale64@hotmail.com	14644	null	null
joey_brewer@leathercenter.com	14645	null	null
ellen.andersen@huseby-as.no	14646	null	null
jeff.brown@enron.com	14647	null	null
sectors@bcaresearch.com	14648	null	null
danaleewilmot@attglobal.net	14649	null	null
jarvis@pcenergy.com	14650	null	null
hillary.mack@enron.com	14651	null	null
jack.simunek@enron.com	14652	null	null
anna.hughes@pharma.novartis.com	14653	null	null
jennifer.lowry@enron.com	14654	null	null
leonora.holland@chron.com	14655	null	null
doris.sanders@enron.com	14656	null	null
jonathan.argintenau@bnpparibas.com	14657	null	null
jwillis@wafs.com	14658	null	null
cpaul1@duke-energy.com	14659	null	null
staffing@un.org	14660	null	null
joemar40@msn.com	14661	null	null
sammy.williams@enron.com	14662	null	null
peggy.a.kostial@accenture.com	14663	null	null
kertz@math.gatech.edu	14664	null	null
inggm@sce.com	14665	null	null
jfeblowitz@amrresearch.com	14666	null	null
jeffrey.porter@enron.com	14667	null	null
claudia.santos@enron.com	14668	null	null
vance.meyer@enron.com	14669	null	null
twcpgjbj@aol.com	14670	null	null
737890travelincentives2@aol.com	14671	null	null
randy.mcmanus@bakerbotts.com	14672	null	null
randy_mcmanus@bakerbotts.com	14672	null	null
stephenayoung@aol.com	14673	null	null
frankp@amerexenergy.com	14674	null	null
derek-davies@shaw.ca	14675	null	null
derek.davies@enron.com	14675	null	null
lgibson@mail.smu.edu	14676	null	null
lgibson@ogwb.com	14676	null	null
darlene.regan@enron.com	14677	null	null
redenvelope_mothers_day_w1@gifts.redenvelopegifts.com	14678	null	null
redenvelope@gifts.redenvelopegifts.com	14678	null	null
cindy.adams@enron.com	14679	null	null
spider1735@hotmail.com	14680	null	null
evan.fort@enron.com	14681	null	null
vikram.pandit@msgw.com	14682	null	null
vikram.pandit@msdw.com	14682	null	null
confirm.desk@enron.com	14683	null	null
steven.curlee@enron.com	14684	null	null
chris.calger@enron.com	14685	null	null
paul.joslyn@shell.ca	14686	null	null
'joslyn@enron.com	14686	null	null
joana.bekerman@enron.com	14687	null	null
gustavo.garcia@ci.boston.ma.us	14688	null	null
david.onuscheck@ustra.mail.abb.com	14689	null	null
david.onuscheck@us.abb.com	14689	null	null
yaqoobalzadjali@omanlng.co.om	14690	null	null
mw696@columbia.edu	14691	null	null
perfmgmt@ect.enron.com	14692	null	null
perfmgmt@enron.com	14692	null	null
david.pruner@enron.com	14693	null	null
patricia.dunn@enron.com	14694	null	null
vsi5gx1cqt@yahoo.co.uk	14695	null	null
bell.connie@enron.com	14696	null	null
alan.comnes@enron.com	14697	null	null
comnes.alan@enron.com	14697	null	null
janet.dobernecker@enron.com	14698	null	null
wlangholz@rollins.edu	14699	null	null
database.au@terrapinn.com	14700	null	null
database.au@terrmail3.terrapinn.com	14700	null	null
mgh9999@aol.com	14701	null	null
kbryan@tradespark.com	14702	null	null
kbryan@mail.earthlink.net	14702	null	null
gisb@aol.com	14703	null	null
sean.casey@enron.com	14704	null	null
mohammad.hussain@nbpcd.com	14705	null	null
scarey@isda.org	14706	null	null
skytel-blackberryhelp@wcom.com	14707	null	null
therese.candella@enron.com	14708	null	null
layykarl@ftpc.fpcusa.com	14709	null	null
riskreakthrough.	14710	null	null
vicky.communications@enron.com	14711	null	null
rapbanbury@aol.com	14712	null	null
dsalina@enron.com	14713	null	null
kirtaned@netscape.net	14714	null	null
megan.duffill@msdw.com	14715	null	null
2586207@www4.imakenews.com	14716	null	null
karl.stewart@enron.com	14717	null	null
wlhessjr@juno.com	14718	null	null
michelle.lawless@enron.com	14719	null	null
johealy@charter.net	14720	null	null
bs44458@swt.edu	14721	null	null
1800flowers.216315319@s2u2.com	14722	null	null
aderich2@exxon.sprint.com	14723	null	null
james.maholm@enron.com	14724	null	null
geoff.gray@banking.senate.gov	14725	null	null
ingrid.immer@wgp.twc.com	14726	null	null
ingrid.immer@williams.com	14726	null	null
gshearer@br-inc.com	14727	null	null
asmyres@msn.com	14728	null	null
koryanne.bernard@enron.com	14729	null	null
stark.mary@enron.com	14730	null	null
alan.jamieson@enron.com	14731	null	null
danette.campbell@enron.com	14732	null	null
kolinge@enron.com	14733	null	null
ciesielskil@natfuel.com	14734	null	null
mcclain@enron.com	14735	null	null
david.siddall@elpaso.com	14736	null	null
10jribnick@interchange-energy.com	14737	null	null
all.options@enron.com	14738	null	null
andy.stevens@lgeenergy.com	14739	null	null
montrue1@aol.com	14740	null	null
ricex@swbell.net	14741	null	null
george.delcanto@attglobal.net	14742	null	null
maurice.winter@enron.com	14743	null	null
dan.davis@enron.com	14744	null	null
larry.hochberg@nypa.gov	14745	null	null
cristal.metz@enron.com	14746	null	null
dan.mccairns@enron.com	14747	null	null
john'.'cobb@enron.com	14748	null	null
john.cobb@enron.com	14748	null	null
cameron_byers@bp.com	14749	null	null
byers@enron.com	14749	null	null
shannonc17@hotmail.com	14750	null	null
beth.hurst@abnamro.com	14751	null	null
user.baxter@enron.com	14752	null	null
al-sayed@adgas.co.ae	14753	null	null
pws-fab1@siltronic.com	14754	null	null
gordon.mckillop@enron.com	14755	null	null
chasecl@pssch.ps.ge.com	14756	null	null
brian_sutter@uymail.com	14757	null	null
cecilia.mercio@enron.com	14758	null	null
schueler.kathy@enron.com	14759	null	null
ramona.betancourt@enron.com	14760	null	null
whamilt@enron.com	14761	null	null
wvanpelt@aol.com	14762	null	null
ashford496@yahoo.com	14763	null	null
fahmed74@yahoo.com	14764	null	null
jmcclain@caiso.com	14765	null	null
lbekker@wisvest.com	14766	null	null
fwinston@caiso.com	14767	null	null
phillip.mcduffie@enron.com	14768	null	null
sean.holmes@enron.com	14769	null	null
olgallamas@enron.com	14770	null	null
wscobee@caithnessenergy.com	14771	null	null
lbracken@summitenergy.com	14772	null	null
info.169@lanebryantmail.com	14773	null	null
robert.bruce@enron.com	14774	null	null
natural.enhancement-return-11-5-11775115-c0mgrdylu6uc1jlt-265@mta10.optamail.com	14775	null	null
jennifer.l.muse@us.andersen.com	14776	null	null
jennifer.muse@enron.com	14776	null	null
admin-hou.dl-bus@enron.com	14777	null	null
fernando@lrca.com	14778	null	null
jay.zoellner@enron.com	14779	null	null
hao@quinnemmanuel.com	14780	null	null
hao@quinnemanuel.com	14780	null	null
sue.cowan@enron.com	14781	null	null
lgeorge@ccj-law.com	14782	null	null
jshrader@cmsenergy.com	14783	null	null
jljones@duke-energy.com	14784	null	null
john.hack@atmosenergy.com	14785	null	null
hack@enron.com	14785	null	null
avaughn@br-inc.com	14786	null	null
sadger@tampabay.rr.com	14787	null	null
stephen.thome@enron.com	14788	null	null
tim.johanson@enron.com	14789	null	null
power.crm@enron.com	14790	null	null
cynthia.hakemack@enron.com	14791	null	null
aw_weekly@lm.auctionwatch.com	14792	null	null
j..faucheaux@enron.com	14793	null	null
judy.knepshield@enron.com	14794	null	null
mezuliso@labs.wyeth.com	14795	null	null
dab@sprintmail.com	14796	null	null
dab@gejade.com	14796	null	null
fdonnelly@washgas.com	14797	null	null
jtatum@genescosports.com	14798	null	null
ghanken@ggfcmk.com	14799	null	null
phylis.karas@enron.com	14800	null	null
buckley'.'michael@enron.com	14801	null	null
elissa.isaacs@piperrudnick.com	14802	null	null
tmorgan@pel.com	14803	null	null
dmurdock@nortelnetworks.com	14804	null	null
eps.conf@univ-mulhouse.fr	14805	null	null
eps.conf@uha.fr	14805	null	null
marilyn.doolittle@enron.com	14806	null	null
pib@opt12.edirectnetwork.net	14807	null	null
rus.woody@enron.com	14808	null	null
deanrodgers@energyclasses.com	14809	null	null
deanrodgers@kaseco.com	14809	null	null
george.kogut@dowjones.com	14810	null	null
patricia.anderson@enron.com	14811	null	null
dm-dmcn-help@dmlogix.com	14812	null	null
george.fisher@kodak.com	14813	null	null
yottra@apci.com	14814	null	null
rjcarpenter@houston.rr.com	14815	null	null
econnors@mail.mainland.cc.tx.us	14816	null	null
econnors@com.edu	14816	null	null
alex.niemer@rantechnologies.com	14817	null	null
eclardy@swbell.net	14818	null	null
jjjsmd@aol.com	14819	null	null
jswank@graceschool.org	14820	null	null
william.cronin@newpower.com	14821	null	null
william.cronin@enron.com	14821	null	null
david.blankenship@enron.com	14822	null	null
ronald_brown@kne.com	14823	null	null
ronald_brown@kindermorgan.com	14823	null	null
mark.holsworth@enron.com	14824	null	null
kara.knop@enron.com	14825	null	null
shafa@enron.com	14826	null	null
pjs@dwgp.com	14827	null	null
rsmith03@apsc.com	14828	null	null
jonathan.cody@csfb.com	14829	null	null
catmacwood@aol.com	14830	null	null
sunrise.project@enron.com	14831	null	null
sunrise@energy.ca.gov	14831	null	null
yashar.arnie@enron.com	14832	null	null
richard.horrobin@brucepower.com	14833	null	null
barry.taylorbrill@wachovia.com	14834	null	null
sergio.assad@enron.com	14835	null	null
assad@elektro.com.br	14835	null	null
kim.gates@enron.com	14836	null	null
philip.conn@enron.com	14837	null	null
eric.groves@enron.com	14838	null	null
billm@hammondshomes.com	14839	null	null
billm@trans-tel.com	14839	null	null
1800flowers.213067706@s2u2.com	14840	null	null
pheuer@edisonmission.com	14841	null	null
markkman6@yahoo.com	14842	null	null
pfg@vnf.com	14843	null	null
jim.mandis@enron.com	14844	null	null
bruce_franco@missionenergy.com	14845	null	null
ray.smith@enron.com	14846	null	null
v1ckvvjebrz@bigfoot.com	14847	null	null
effreys@enron.com	14848	null	null
posta_mailer.1-9121138-9076912-gl14natu@tumble2.datek.com	14849	null	null
pfarmer@mpisd.net	14850	null	null
kathy.link@enron.com	14851	null	null
charline.stevens@enron.com	14852	null	null
psauve@belangersauve.com	14853	null	null
jbavouse@tklaw.com	14854	null	null
clientrelations@ercot.com	14855	null	null
topping.robert@enron.com	14856	null	null
esproull@aol.com	14857	null	null
bullets@enron.com	14858	null	null
rebecca.e.phillips@dynegy.com	14859	null	null
rebecca.phillips@enron.com	14859	null	null
msheehan@adventis.com	14860	null	null
gretchen.allen@enron.com	14861	null	null
norman.w.fuchs@williams.com	14862	null	null
odk1512inv@aol.com	14863	null	null
gwatkins@akingump.com	14864	null	null
aweed@jhancock.com	14865	null	null
l_carter61@hotmail.com	14866	null	null
piotr.karasinski@ssmb.com	14867	null	null
karasinski@enron.com	14867	null	null
sackreiters@compuserve.com	14868	null	null
thg7667@restructuringtoday.com	14869	null	null
hscpa@hilliardsmithcpa.com	14870	null	null
vel.watkins@enron.com	14871	null	null
awais.omar@enron.com	14872	null	null
monica.talan@enron.com	14873	null	null
specsheet-txt-2@financialmarketadvisor.com	14874	null	null
dplach@utilicorp.com	14875	null	null
dplach@aquila.com	14875	null	null
stweet@deloitte.ca	14876	null	null
larry.soderquist@enron.com	14877	null	null
truong.vu@enron.com	14878	null	null
schrumj@southwestern.edu	14879	null	null
jeffery.stephens@enron.com	14880	null	null
voter@stevefarthing.com	14881	null	null
r-8-65021-455737-2-286-us2-d3e2c3c5@xmr3.com	14882	null	null
ccuneo@mba1979.hbs.edu	14883	null	null
odyqp@371.net	14884	null	null
bjjtnrjfcolvbrpw@msn.com	14885	null	null
james.h.cook@us.andersen.com	14886	null	null
james.h.cook@us.arthurandersen.com	14886	null	null
rmather@euromoney.com	14887	null	null
hemery.houston_fannin1_po.central_dom@firstunion1.com	14888	null	null
hemery@firstunion1.com	14888	null	null
felix.buitron@enron.com	14889	null	null
rittichai.ngodngam@linklaters.com	14890	null	null
gregg.brian@enron.com	14891	null	null
donna.finnels-neal@enron.com	14892	null	null
r-5-728387-3078726-2-6417-us2-1e1994b7@xmr3.com	14893	null	null
an@nationalpublishing.net	14894	null	null
kimberly.carter@enron.com	14895	null	null
jharris@icmtalent.com	14896	null	null
marketnewsalert606313@yahoo.com	14897	null	null
jhomco@minutemaid.com	14898	null	null
druke@neosoft.com	14899	null	null
dvd.player@mailman.enron.com	14900	null	null
ccaldwell@velaw.com	14901	null	null
adi@enron.com	14902	null	null
sarah.goodpastor@enron.com	14903	null	null
mmarcantel@equiva.com	14904	null	null
ahenders@aglresources.com	14905	null	null
mcintyrk@sullcrom.com	14906	null	null
analyst.pool@enron.com	14907	null	null
a&a.pool@enron.com	14907	null	null
rgrayoh@cs.com	14908	null	null
k..ratnala@enron.com	14909	null	null
fmackin@aol.com	14910	null	null
doctorbonner@altavista.com	14911	null	null
jmyan@stanford.edu	14912	null	null
baird.shanna@enron.com	14913	null	null
wicker.kevin@enron.com	14914	null	null
raquel.nunes-thomas@us.abb.com	14915	null	null
raquel.nunes@us.abb.com	14915	null	null
enron.council@enron.com	14916	null	null
coolmemberslist@lists.coolvacations.com	14917	null	null
galtney@galtney.com	14918	null	null
dorothy_trusock@hotmail.com	14919	null	null
susan.kalich@enron.com	14920	null	null
randy.maffett@enron.com	14921	null	null
dmck@u.washington.edu	14922	null	null
texcorey@aol.com	14923	null	null
mike.gough@naes.com	14924	null	null
a_marine@bellsouth.net	14925	null	null
alliance_info@listserver.eei.org	14926	null	null
nambia.ferguson@informamedia.cminteractive.com	14927	null	null
zelda.paschal@enron.com	14928	null	null
kyran.hanks@enron.com	14929	null	null
susan.lobel@cwt.com	14930	null	null
tim.hermann@enron.com	14931	null	null
t.hermann@pecorp.com	14931	null	null
peter.sherk@morganstanley.com	14932	null	null
russelt@cottonrestorationinc.com	14933	null	null
mary.mccann@enron.com	14934	null	null
mary.mccann@ps.ge.com	14934	null	null
amber.hamby@enron.com	14935	null	null
longovin@cs.com	14936	null	null
enron.security@enron.com	14937	null	null
security.enron@enron.com	14937	null	null
software@mail01.unitedmarketingstrategies.com	14938	null	null
software@mail02.unitedmarketingstrategies.com	14938	null	null
software@opt15.edirectnetwork.net	14938	null	null
k.wilson@enron.com	14939	null	null
7137160795@pagenet.com	14940	null	null
heather.land@williams.com	14941	null	null
michelle.kapfer@enron.com	14942	null	null
shawn.k.feeney@ssmb.com	14943	null	null
wchiume@nyiso.com	14944	null	null
schub@socrates.berkeley.edu	14945	null	null
designzine@dlogic.com	14946	null	null
jashat1@netscape.net	14947	null	null
timothy.bayles@enron.com	14948	null	null
myspecials3@newsletters.dallasnews.com	14949	null	null
alysia.pickens@enron.com	14950	null	null
sdemicco@mcgreevey2001.org	14951	null	null
mjmoreland@aep.com	14952	null	null
cfrank12@enron.com	14953	null	null
thegrossfamily@earthlink.net	14954	null	null
jt722670@msxsepc.shell.com	14955	null	null
dmarkey@pdq.net	14956	null	null
chood@caiso.com	14957	null	null
gold.amy@enron.com	14958	null	null
jbpritch@duke-energy.com	14959	null	null
steve.jernigan@enron.com	14960	null	null
cbciiivent@aol.com	14961	null	null
r-5-144706-3556370-2-175-uk1-4b42aadb@xmr3.com	14962	null	null
norma.villarreal@enron.com	14963	null	null
cliff.shedd@enron.com	14964	null	null
ldavis@stewart.com	14965	null	null
ldavis@bcpl.net	14965	null	null
lay.linda@enron.com	14966	null	null
linda.lay@enron.com	14966	null	null
g7kbt@msn.com	14967	null	null
west.ga@enron.com	14968	null	null
corn1983@enron.com	14969	null	null
avaughan@br-inc.com	14970	null	null
avaughan@timesn.com	14970	null	null
davidflowers@txu.com	14971	null	null
ft.com.update@newsbyemail.ft.com	14972	null	null
sbrownell@lockeliddell.com	14973	null	null
mailbox@postmasterdirect.com	14974	null	null
mailbox@mailzilla.net	14974	null	null
guidry'.'aimee@enron.com	14975	null	null
clbywaters@aep.com	14976	null	null
don.bruce@enron.com	14977	null	null
jo.allen@enron.com	14978	null	null
cam@marval.com.ar	14979	null	null
cam@pjm.com	14979	null	null
childress.alan@enron.com	14980	null	null
alvarado.karen@enron.com	14981	null	null
rutherford.em@pg.com	14982	null	null
rggdee@aol.com	14983	null	null
jeffrey.gossett@enron.com	14984	null	null
skean@enrron.com	14985	null	null
skean@enron.com	14985	null	null
skean@skytel.com	14985	null	null
skean@enronl.com	14985	null	null
mjlewis@mnpower.com	14986	null	null
ed.smida@enron.com	14987	null	null
dianne.ripley@enron.com	14988	null	null
ripley@stats.ox.ac.uk	14988	null	null
john.nemila@enron.com	14989	null	null
ecockrel@cockrell.com	14990	null	null
sberry@susmangodfrey.com	14991	null	null
sberry@rfa1.com	14991	null	null
paulre@hotmail.com	14992	null	null
dvdconsultant@libero.it	14993	null	null
karl.jackson@enron.com	14994	null	null
boehlke@enron.com	14995	null	null
rainsworth@shb.com	14996	null	null
ljnorwood@calpine.com	14997	null	null
bryan.delahoussaye@enron.com	14998	null	null
cvans@mpinet.net	14999	null	null
robbi.rossi@enron.com	15000	null	null
rossi.robbi@enron.com	15000	null	null
robbi_rossi@enron.net	15000	null	null
bwneely@llgm.com	15001	null	null
langereud.vickie@enron.com	15002	null	null
mhsf9tntunx@hotmail.com	15003	null	null
ld.stephens@enron.com	15004	null	null
shirleen.glasin@enron.com	15005	null	null
rcossick@houstontech.org	15006	null	null
arusselle@newenergy.com	15007	null	null
james.mckay@enron.com	15008	null	null
kwong@ack.berkeley.edu	15009	null	null
joe.chapman@enron.com	15010	null	null
oscar.cedeno@enron.com	15011	null	null
qla@houston.rr.com	15012	null	null
tkowalk@enron.com	15013	null	null
doughty.ed@enron.com	15014	null	null
john.moore@enron.com	15015	null	null
inoff@enron.com	15016	null	null
rustyb@hba.org	15017	null	null
dasovic@enron.com	15018	null	null
lgarrett@wapa.gov	15019	null	null
rcausey@enron.com	15020	null	null
wsandberg3@home.com	15021	null	null
wsandberg3@attbi.com	15021	null	null
cynthia.vasquez@enron.com	15022	null	null
allison.horton@enron.com	15023	null	null
scott.yeargain@enron.com	15024	null	null
seth.sarakaitis@enron.com	15025	null	null
ken.kaase@enron.com	15026	null	null
mnlevy@swidlaw.com	15027	null	null
jeff.slaughter@enron.com	15028	null	null
fiona.lavelle@enron.com	15029	null	null
bagwelll@amerexenergy.com	15030	null	null
ddavis@ect.enron.com	15031	null	null
ddavis@yahoo-inc.com	15031	null	null
ddavis@enron.com	15031	null	null
ddavis@gr8brdg.net	15031	null	null
ddavis@hollandhart.com	15031	null	null
gail.kettenbrink@enron.com	15032	null	null
david_k_smith@reliantenergy.com	15033	null	null
christopher.m.bedford.gt2r@statefarm.com	15034	null	null
jhowlett@nymex.com	15035	null	null
malexander@e-470.com	15036	null	null
sonia_l_castorena@reliantenergy.com	15037	null	null
stephen.klein@enron.com	15038	null	null
aa5458@wayne.edu	15039	null	null
pgleal@tecoenergy.com	15040	null	null
khou-weatherwarn@khou.weatherwarn.net	15041	null	null
enterprise.telephony@enron.com	15042	null	null
khalidaalireza@xenel.com	15043	null	null
danielle.marcinkowski@enron.com	15044	null	null
21f382937ea311a74bca1df39e774bcbd12@tm03.net	15045	null	null
metzger@enron.com	15046	null	null
lawrence.john@enron.com	15047	null	null
ashley_mace@yahoo.com	15048	null	null
rich_latto@ixnet.com	15049	null	null
rich.latto@globalcrossing.com	15049	null	null
dsalter1@charter.net	15050	null	null
r-5-730602-3256867-2-29901-us2-2cec2f79@xmr3.com	15051	null	null
mdelarosa@cleonline.com	15052	null	null
falancer.mary@enron.com	15053	null	null
efalldr@aol.com	15054	null	null
mbass@spencerstuart.com	15055	null	null
enron.everyone_ots@enron.com	15056	null	null
veit@haas.berkeley.edu	15057	null	null
supatgiat@enron.com	15058	null	null
dalak@hotmail.com	15059	null	null
dentcj@texaco.com	15060	null	null
plucas@ta.com	15061	null	null
brad.blesie@enron.com	15062	null	null
lcox@summitenergy.com	15063	null	null
jvxwj@eon.dk	15064	null	null
3e@enron.com	15065	null	null
rick_suderman@eott.com	15066	null	null
rick.suderman@enron.com	15066	null	null
joanne.tran@enron.com	15067	null	null
barrettp@coned.com	15068	null	null
rachael.tobor@enron.com	15069	null	null
dean.urbanik@hansonamerica.com	15070	null	null
'urbanik@enron.com	15070	null	null
qpicks@mail-relay.eunet.se	15071	null	null
pdnzjxqlemryympi@msn.com	15072	null	null
np@niceshoes.com	15073	null	null
cjohnson@baycorpholdings.com	15074	null	null
rlsimon@windots.net	15075	null	null
don.stevens@enron.com	15076	null	null
rmcmanus@bakerbotts.com	15077	null	null
suzanneadams@att.net	15078	null	null
mike.wellings@enron.com	15079	null	null
hans.maverick@enron.com	15080	null	null
jill.zivley@enron.com	15081	null	null
briefing@moodys.com	15082	null	null
colleen.hood@enron.com	15083	null	null
sanchezm@rice.edu	15084	null	null
hjalmer@liquidengines.com	15085	null	null
cewdffc9txh@concentric.net	15086	null	null
emurr@columbiaenergygroup.com	15087	null	null
milagros.daetz@enron.com	15088	null	null
kvaghela.mba2001@ivey.ca	15089	null	null
mortl98@freemail.hu	15090	null	null
deborah.bubenko@enron.com	15091	null	null
bubenko@enron.com	15091	null	null
jbrunini@brunini.com	15092	null	null
ralph.masiello@caminus.com	15093	null	null
sarah.pernul@enron.com	15094	null	null
rvillegas@reliant.com	15095	null	null
sl.'"wehner@enron.com	15096	null	null
valerie.giles@enron.com	15097	null	null
valerie_giles@pgn.com	15097	null	null
jdasovic@enron.com	15098	null	null
jdasovic@ees.enron.com	15098	null	null
mark_kierlanczyk@ars.aon.com	15099	null	null
unsubscribe-i@networkpromotion.com	15100	null	null
pamela.lebrane@enron.com	15101	null	null
mcgowenj@epenergy.com	15102	null	null
bob.bishop@mci2000.com	15103	null	null
bscanlon@smi-online.co.uk	15104	null	null
gaylenh@mail2.allegro.net	15105	null	null
gaylenh@questar.com	15105	null	null
jubran.whalan@enron.com	15106	null	null
davis.thames@enron.com	15107	null	null
michael.cuccia@enron.com	15108	null	null
caroline.duggan@enron.com	15109	null	null
victoria.mccarthy@enron.com	15110	null	null
richard.melton@enron.com	15111	null	null
allison.millan@enron.com	15112	null	null
swatson@socalgas.com	15113	null	null
thomas.donovan@enron.com	15114	null	null
mmarina@conservetn.com	15115	null	null
tina.valadez@enron.com	15116	null	null
staw@haas.berkeley.edu	15117	null	null
troylg@vipnet.it	15118	null	null
mdkyle@aep.com	15119	null	null
hjp@pappasrestaurants.com	15120	null	null
gaby.adamek@enron.com	15121	null	null
marathonmailer@nyrrc.org	15122	null	null
tco_commercial_services@nisource.com	15123	null	null
kathy.johnson@enron.com	15124	null	null
al-amyn.valliani@enron.com	15125	null	null
preilly@velaw.com	15126	null	null
pete.heintzelman@enron.com	15127	null	null
mdejarnett@reliant.com	15128	null	null
stephanie.goldman@enron.com	15129	null	null
cjudkins@texas.net	15130	null	null
mauricio.mora@enron.com	15131	null	null
brad.carey@enron.com	15132	null	null
wdl3@aol.com	15133	null	null
scarlson@compusmart.ab.ca	15134	null	null
billy.braddock@neg.pge.com	15135	null	null
billy.braddock@enron.com	15135	null	null
hmlangetx@aol.com	15136	null	null
veronica.cherry@awc-inc.com	15137	null	null
sgross@newportgen.com	15138	null	null
sgross@warburgpincus.com	15138	null	null
bmccall@wcnet.com	15139	null	null
bmccall@wcnet.net	15139	null	null
james.d.steffes@enron.com	15140	null	null
james_d_steffes@enron.com	15140	null	null
murray.o'neil@enron.com	15141	null	null
walters.andrea@enron.com	15142	null	null
walters'.'andrea@enron.com	15142	null	null
tmclerran@bjservices.com	15143	null	null
vcleveland@spacehab.com	15144	null	null
randy.enron@enron.com	15145	null	null
abernathj@haas.berkeley.edu	15146	null	null
mlb@ntls1.digitalriver.com	15147	null	null
nancy.carpenter@enron.com	15148	null	null
carpenter@enron.com	15148	null	null
abby_white@gensler.com	15149	null	null
dawn.clennon@enron.com	15150	null	null
candc@gocougs.wsu.edu	15151	null	null
asalazar@pirnie.com	15152	null	null
wayne_kearney@ars.aon.com	15153	null	null
owner-independent-list@free-market.net	15154	null	null
independent-list@free-market.net	15154	null	null
ken.anderson@enron.com	15155	null	null
documents.405416.2761.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	15156	null	null
e..sommers@enron.com	15157	null	null
energyinstitute@uh.edu	15158	null	null
work.cynthia@enron.com	15159	null	null
forbes.andrea@enron.com	15160	null	null
puigme@selectenergy.com	15161	null	null
ca.list@enron.com	15162	null	null
knorvell@newenergy.com	15163	null	null
kellie.metcalf@enron.com	15164	null	null
joe.kirkpatrick@constellation.com	15165	null	null
joe.kirkpatrick@nrgenergy.com	15165	null	null
sal.dominguez@enron.com	15166	null	null
rtnewsmailer@smtp.quote.com	15167	null	null
judy.carter@txu.com	15168	null	null
dian@enron.com	15169	null	null
kbartle@pnm.com	15170	null	null
parellan@co.riverside.ca.us	15171	null	null
higgins.jerry@enron.com	15172	null	null
higgins@ufl.edu	15172	null	null
carol.moline@powerpool.ab.ca	15173	null	null
joe.arens@gs.com	15174	null	null
gquinn@prebon.com	15175	null	null
'linn@enron.com	15176	null	null
sscott3@enron.com	15177	null	null
namie.myers@enron.com	15178	null	null
vangie.mcgilloway@constellation.com	15179	null	null
vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	15179	null	null
laurie.malone@enron.com	15180	null	null
donald.herrick@enron.com	15181	null	null
brickell_mark@jpmorgan.com	15182	null	null
insights2@reply.phillips.com	15183	null	null
james.simpson@enron.com	15184	null	null
carolflynnleah@yahoo.com	15185	null	null
samantha.law@enron.com	15186	null	null
joria@rhm.com.mx	15187	null	null
jody.baker@bnpparibas.com	15188	null	null
david.plaisance@us.pwcglobal.com	15189	null	null
ca5_public_event_note@ca5.uscourts.gov	15190	null	null
duke.kyle@enron.com	15191	null	null
william.brown@groupwise.swgas.com	15192	null	null
william.brown@enron.com	15192	null	null
rick.shoup@enron.com	15193	null	null
jeannine.ford@experian.com	15194	null	null
pharmacy22@hanimail.com	15195	null	null
hgreenebaum@primediabusiness.com	15196	null	null
cswaringam@carlson.com	15197	null	null
gwoulfe@hotmail.com	15198	null	null
gwoulfe@enron.com	15198	null	null
chris.lonsdale@enron.com	15199	null	null
swestgate@enporion.com	15200	null	null
johnp@energycoalition.org	15201	null	null
johnp@energycoaliton.org	15201	null	null
jstuart@luce.com	15202	null	null
tracy.ramsey@enron.com	15203	null	null
ecn2760.conf.@enron.com	15204	null	null
myfreedownloads@customoffers.com	15205	null	null
jenp@tfts.tozzini.com.br	15206	null	null
ave@albrecht-assoc.com	15207	null	null
louis.redshaw@enron.com	15208	null	null
robert.norton@enron.com	15209	null	null
mikep@amerexenergy.com	15210	null	null
yao.apasu@enron.com	15211	null	null
giw@vitol.com	15212	null	null
sandy.mccary@enron.com	15213	null	null
1800flowers.205521749@s2u2.com	15214	null	null
david.finck@weil.com	15215	null	null
ljrmktg@aol.com	15216	null	null
shauna@manhattanresources.com	15217	null	null
chris.gaffney@enron.com	15218	null	null
claudette.daniels@enron.com	15219	null	null
eddie.cotto@db.com	15220	null	null
ryanmcgeachie@aec.ca	15221	null	null
trangvle@yahoo.com	15222	null	null
eba-2@aga.org	15223	null	null
lisa.zarsky@enron.com	15224	null	null
john.vickers@enron.com	15225	null	null
vickers@enron.com	15225	null	null
farenaud@sover.net	15226	null	null
moodysissuerrelations@moodys.com	15227	null	null
cpcustservice@bankofamerica.com	15228	null	null
incentive_magazine.um.a.32.302@em10.net	15229	null	null
mfinance@srinstitute.com	15230	null	null
pruitt'.'danielle@enron.com	15231	null	null
mshabits@neb.gc.ca	15232	null	null
mshabits@neb-one.gc.ca	15232	null	null
8776809441@skytel.com	15233	null	null
ttulsi@iirltd.co.uk	15234	null	null
r-5-731851-4290882-2-28619-us1-9c942741@xmr3.com	15235	null	null
cchao@cook-inlet.com	15236	null	null
phsbo@bsvdbq.163.net	15237	null	null
ghenken@ggfcmk.com	15238	null	null
online_fyi@mail1.americangreetings.com	15239	null	null
flemmingryan99@hotmail.com	15240	null	null
a-w-archie.dunham@usa.conoco.com	15241	null	null
mike.mcgowan@dynegy.com	15242	null	null
mike.mcgowan@enron.com	15242	null	null
nathan.hlavaty@enron.com	15243	null	null
fvnicvajb8e@hotmail.com	15244	null	null
ipams@ipams.org	15245	null	null
dtang@cinergy.com	15246	null	null
richard.causey@enron.com	15247	null	null
michael.krautz@enron.com	15248	null	null
marci.mansfield@enron.com	15249	null	null
adam.watts@enron.com	15250	null	null
tmonaldo@mrg-llc.com	15251	null	null
tmonaldo@mrg-11c.com	15251	null	null
dmg@cpuc.ca.gov	15252	null	null
macminnr@uts.cc.utexas.edu	15253	null	null
bernadette.santillan@redherring.com	15254	null	null
bernadette.santillan@enron.com	15254	null	null
boba@energy.ca.gov	15255	null	null
panowak-mooney@psinet.com	15256	null	null
shpng1@excite.com	15257	null	null
john.gillis@enron.com	15258	null	null
ggolez@magicatticclub.com	15259	null	null
matthew.condon@enron.com	15260	null	null
ptrussell@acurasouthwest.com	15261	null	null
kate.e.agnew@us.andersen.com	15262	null	null
sue.rich@enron.com	15263	null	null
chrisffr@eei.org	15264	null	null
staceyrozzell@hotmail.com	15265	null	null
rbbesco@aol.com	15266	null	null
michael.horning@enron.com	15267	null	null
khazlewo@swbell.net	15268	null	null
japa@dynegy.com	15269	null	null
sharon.sullo@enron.com	15270	null	null
daniel.hamilton@enron.com	15271	null	null
eric.connor@enron.com	15272	null	null
pworrell@iconconsultants.com	15273	null	null
bb4eb72a-172de319-86256aaa-4c9060@enron.com	15274	null	null
mcohen.la.ggfcm@ggfcmk.com	15275	null	null
thanna@sempratrading.com	15276	null	null
roesler@empslc.com	15277	null	null
david.ingram@enron.com	15278	null	null
stephen.schwarz@enron.com	15279	null	null
richardson'.'james@enron.com	15280	null	null
james.richardson@enron.com	15280	null	null
jonathan.perret@enron.com	15281	null	null
hh00337772001@yahoo.com	15282	null	null
rmccall@airmail.net	15283	null	null
nmaralit@sempra.com	15284	null	null
corey.grindal@elpaso.com	15285	null	null
grindal.corey@epenergy.com	15285	null	null
ena.employees@enron.com	15286	null	null
o'neal.sean@enron.com	15287	null	null
al3v@andrew.cmu.edu	15288	null	null
foulds@enron.com	15289	null	null
trinh.abrell@enron.com	15290	null	null
aebomar@corp.cng.com	15291	null	null
premierbankcard@mediatrec.roi1.net	15292	null	null
schoellkopf.trey@enron.com	15293	null	null
trey@hillcast.com	15293	null	null
gail.shanley@gs.com	15294	null	null
apetrello@nabors.com	15295	null	null
midday29@alerts.equityalert.com	15296	null	null
iakowal@westvaco.com	15297	null	null
daviddupre@yahoo.com	15298	null	null
shirley.tijerina@enron.com	15299	null	null
bob_jacobs@eott.com	15300	null	null
bob.jacobs@enron.com	15300	null	null
eflowers-return-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-299@mta10.optamail.com	15301	null	null
credit.ect@enron.com	15302	null	null
ect.credit@enron.com	15302	null	null
wbwilliams@flex.net	15303	null	null
grantmasson@houston.rr.com	15304	null	null
gasconference@ziffenergy.com	15305	null	null
onepass_030801@airmail.continental.com	15306	null	null
team.panhandle-p2@enron.com	15307	null	null
spartcat@mtu-net.ru	15308	null	null
cra123@yahoo.com	15309	null	null
government.affairs@enron.com	15310	null	null
raffa.leslie@enron.com	15311	null	null
alex.sugaoka@uaecorp.com	15312	null	null
ascott@sdge.com	15313	null	null
ascott@haas.berkeley.edu	15313	null	null
johnm@pacensys.com	15314	null	null
johnm@jdaugherty.com	15314	null	null
andrew.schuleman@enron.com	15315	null	null
millere@tesorobol.com	15316	null	null
jmiller@summitenergy.com	15317	null	null
virginia.cavazos@enron.com	15318	null	null
nshapiro@ifc.org	15319	null	null
drank@brcepat.com	15320	null	null
drank@bracepat.com	15320	null	null
enroncredit.com@enron.com	15321	null	null
irena.hogan@enron.com	15322	null	null
rxbd@pge.com	15323	null	null
1800flowers.221442997@s2u2.com	15324	null	null
shelli_b_m@yahoo.com	15325	null	null
anne.mcguire.clark@msdw.com	15326	null	null
jim.griffin@compaq.com	15327	null	null
dwain.brown@enron.com	15328	null	null
fool@motleyfool.com	15329	null	null
slscarlet@tjohoo.se	15330	null	null
avnon.ziv@enron.com	15331	null	null
darrin.donegan@enron.com	15332	null	null
darrin@freeman-computing.com	15332	null	null
isaac.rodriguez@enron.com	15333	null	null
mlampi@nyiso.com	15334	null	null
ibsjhs@earthlink.net	15335	null	null
teresa.benson@enron.com	15336	null	null
lhinson@allianceworldwide.com	15337	null	null
tdavidson1@davidsoncapital.com	15338	null	null
patwhitworth@hotmail.com	15339	null	null
mpatronella@williamsbailey.com	15340	null	null
dgoodburn@rochpar.com	15341	null	null
teluebke@leoadaly.com	15342	null	null
swc88@ou.edu	15343	null	null
jeffreys@enron.com	15344	null	null
tknight@houstonenergy.org	15345	null	null
lorraine_fabbri@kindermorgan.com	15346	null	null
ckoppa@accountpros.com	15347	null	null
antonio.paez@bradfordcompany.com	15348	null	null
dwburns@cmsenergy.com	15349	null	null
mortloans184@yahoo.com	15350	null	null
crespo@enron.com	15351	null	null
management.ets@enron.com	15352	null	null
ppape@calpine.com	15353	null	null
sklam47@gateway.net	15354	null	null
george.zivic@enron.com	15355	null	null
tom.cathey@enron.com	15356	null	null
portland.dl-ubsw@enron.com	15357	null	null
z2lwbwpcona@yahoo.com	15358	null	null
maria.alan@enron.com	15359	null	null
charles_s_wilk@enron.com	15360	null	null
sean.breen@enron.com	15361	null	null
breen@enron.com	15361	null	null
capcon@gmu.edu	15362	null	null
eva.rainer@enron.com	15363	null	null
doug.benevento@state.co.us	15364	null	null
412172.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	15365	null	null
eric.shaw@dynegy.com	15366	null	null
eric.shaw@enron.com	15366	null	null
amthor.corey@enron.com	15367	null	null
g..bushman@enron.com	15368	null	null
jeffberlat@mindspring.com	15369	null	null
kkeiser507@yahoo.com	15370	null	null
bcooke@cmp.com	15371	null	null
larry.bishop@enron.com	15372	null	null
leslie.dever-mccauley@enron.com	15373	null	null
virginia.o'neill@enron.com	15374	null	null
lisar@atoga.com	15375	null	null
jane.burnap@intermat.com	15376	null	null
pjaerhwdu@hotmail.com	15377	null	null
ssm3@pge.com	15378	null	null
ccorbin@aep.com	15379	null	null
tebp610iii@msn.com	15380	null	null
cwilkes@santafe-snyder.com	15381	null	null
tnichols@ci.redding.ca.us	15382	null	null
gallin.fortunov@enron.com	15383	null	null
sameer.soleja@enform.com	15384	null	null
sam.leuschen@enron.com	15385	null	null
jricketts@ameritrade.com	15386	null	null
tcarrol6@csc.com	15387	null	null
kenne.bryon@enron.com	15388	null	null
tony.galt@enron.com	15389	null	null
hswygert@howard.edu	15390	null	null
download@ipafcqn.enriva.com	15391	null	null
finance485@email.msn.com	15392	null	null
42.9083.39-7qlmoj57yawlttm-sdrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	15393	null	null
mary.solmonson@enron.com	15394	null	null
elisabeth_a_ruscitti@reliantenergy.com	15395	null	null
stevelafontaine@bankofamerica.com	15396	null	null
sdumont@tides.org	15397	null	null
lcannon@houston.rr.com	15398	null	null
oracle@papajohnsonline.com	15399	null	null
e..haedicke@enron.com	15400	null	null
james.little@enron.com	15401	null	null
1800flowers.88555715@s2u2.com	15402	null	null
sokolov@enron.com	15403	null	null
sokolov@rice.edu	15403	null	null
rodney_myra@email.com	15404	null	null
christopher.czuppon@enron.com	15405	null	null
wmogel@ssd.com	15406	null	null
jjfrommelt@aol.com	15407	null	null
jerushaklemperer@yahoo.com	15408	null	null
r-1-62757-3666190-2-3080-us2-22b2db1a@xmr3.com	15409	null	null
marcia.dalrymple@alcoa.com	15410	null	null
ablancha@neighborhood-centers.org	15411	null	null
testplan@ercot.com	15412	null	null
enron.resources@enron.com	15413	null	null
resources.enron@enron.com	15413	null	null
bgannaway@enron.com	15414	null	null
bgannaway@tielp.com	15414	null	null
lgoldman@palex.com	15415	null	null
rena.d'souza@enron.com	15416	null	null
dassistance@ingaa.org	15417	null	null
karen.easley@enron.com	15418	null	null
crystal.dobson@enron.com	15419	null	null
cornella.deb@enron.com	15420	null	null
sharon.farrell@enron.com	15421	null	null
garbuttd@national-citymortgage.com	15422	null	null
pkeavey@enron.com	15423	null	null
pkeavey@ect.enron.com	15423	null	null
pkeavey@hotmail.com	15423	null	null
globalbrain2000@yahoo.com	15424	null	null
rghelanipatel@reliant.com	15425	null	null
bart.burk@enron.com	15426	null	null
fleite@enron.com	15427	null	null
fminor@bea.com	15428	null	null
jeff.donahue@enron.com	15429	null	null
'jeff.donahue'@enron.com	15429	null	null
jeff_donahue@enron.net	15429	null	null
weekend@ino.com	15430	null	null
diane.eckels@enron.com	15431	null	null
gamma@concentric.net	15432	null	null
sgtdiller3@ibsjapan.co.jp	15433	null	null
esmjcuokcb@mail2.emediatemail.com	15434	null	null
ann_hibbert@itc.co.harris.tx.us	15435	null	null
gpowell@houston.rr.com	15436	null	null
julie.russell@enron.com	15437	null	null
98612193@bellsouth.net	15438	null	null
stan_horton@eott.com	15439	null	null
stan.horton.@enron.com	15439	null	null
stan.horton@enron.com	15439	null	null
backbone.ens@enron.com	15440	null	null
kristi.l.albaugh@us.andersen.com	15441	null	null
ydhallui@elora.math.uwaterloo.ca	15442	null	null
kimat.singla@enron.com	15443	null	null
alrapp@san.rr.com	15444	null	null
debra.davidson@enron.com	15445	null	null
apanasko@manfinancial.com	15446	null	null
clay.f.guinn@exxonmobil.com	15447	null	null
ken.randolph@dynegy.com	15448	null	null
ian.richardson@enron.com	15449	null	null
laura.podurgiel@enron.com	15450	null	null
markdaviswalker@yahoo.com	15451	null	null
patricia.hunter@enron.com	15452	null	null
arck.c@wige.de	15453	null	null
edward.graham@enron.com	15454	null	null
paul.kleindorfer@enron.com	15455	null	null
mkg1@pdq.net	15456	null	null
p.hawes@telkom.net	15457	null	null
smn@dwgp.com	15458	null	null
wade.jordon@enron.com	15459	null	null
eldorlaw@aol.com	15460	null	null
postoffice@dilbert.com	15461	null	null
postoffice@bluemountain.com	15461	null	null
lynda.pham@enron.com	15462	null	null
xucahualamart@aol.com	15463	null	null
bwhalen@sppc.com	15464	null	null
jjensen@haas.berkeley.edu	15465	null	null
mhhurtado@duke-energy.com	15466	null	null
mgran325@aol.com	15467	null	null
pgroetzinger@brentbroker.com	15468	null	null
tom.gros@enron.com	15469	null	null
2740741@skytel.com	15470	null	null
joels@reason.org	15471	null	null
steve.weller@dynegy.com	15472	null	null
steve.weller@enron.com	15472	null	null
nblack@brobeck.com	15473	null	null
jsj@albrecht-assoc.com	15474	null	null
k_schuller@hotmail.com	15475	null	null
dennis_dye@hotmail.com	15476	null	null
ethink@enron.com	15477	null	null
clifford_cauthen@ci.mesa.az.us	15478	null	null
newssubs@iso-ne.com	15479	null	null
m..gasdia@enron.com	15480	null	null
jkirk2@alleghenypower.com	15481	null	null
pgardner@techforall.org	15482	null	null
dee.hanson@enron.com	15483	null	null
djn@pkns.com	15484	null	null
sgrosshandler@cgsh.com	15485	null	null
robert.fugel@enron.com	15486	null	null
mark.knippa@enron.com	15487	null	null
clint.walden@enron.com	15488	null	null
scottie_mckeogh@ew.com	15489	null	null
amy.wright@dplinc.com	15490	null	null
wayne.mays@enron.com	15491	null	null
jeff.pearson@enron.com	15492	null	null
jeff.pearson@dartmouth.edu	15492	null	null
evans.waverly@enron.com	15493	null	null
w3vc1389@yahoo.com	15494	null	null
colburkw@bp.com	15495	null	null
hpshopping_com.6wdl-8mb.fk@hpccm.p0.com	15496	null	null
wwp1@pge.com	15497	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide5@enron.com	15498	null	null
michael.tully@enron.com	15499	null	null
paula.n.oneill@uth.tmc.edu	15500	null	null
isc.leadership@enron.com	15501	null	null
odilleen@eurelectric.org	15502	null	null
dave.kistler@enron.com	15503	null	null
andrew.kandolha@enron.com	15504	null	null
wholt@ercot.com	15505	null	null
jhudacko@ipass.com	15506	null	null
sellers'.'prentice@enron.com	15507	null	null
jnmness@aol.com	15508	null	null
angiegillikin@hotmail.com	15509	null	null
michelle.hicks@enron.com	15510	null	null
ltanner@simmonsco-intl.com	15511	null	null
andrew.wilson@enron.com	15512	null	null
laura.giambrone@enron.com	15513	null	null
merle.glen@enron.com	15514	null	null
dewhirst@bigpond.net.au	15515	null	null
efordham@flash.net	15516	null	null
gloria.barkowsky@enron.com	15517	null	null
lani.pennington@enron.com	15518	null	null
jacqestc@aol.com	15519	null	null
kenneth.krasny@enron.com	15520	null	null
e-mail.center@wsj.com	15521	null	null
lwlanfear@wcnet.net	15522	null	null
yovanny.pulcini@enron.com	15523	null	null
nwomgiuwu@cs.com	15524	null	null
donald.robinson@enron.com	15525	null	null
londonstevens@enron.com	15526	null	null
kevin.meredith@enron.com	15527	null	null
taylor.nancy@corp.sysco.com	15528	null	null
nancy.taylor@cognicase.com	15528	null	null
connie_salvo-shook@duchesne.org	15529	null	null
pleiber@caiso.com	15530	null	null
lutz@haas.berkeley.edu	15531	null	null
shirley.machleit@enron.com	15532	null	null
david.merrill@enron.com	15533	null	null
tcnwoo@prodigy.net	15534	null	null
iep@iepa.com	15535	null	null
dhufton@pvm.co.uk	15536	null	null
debbie.foot@enron.com	15537	null	null
jim.ogg@enron.com	15538	null	null
kimberly.shoaf@enron.com	15539	null	null
sherry.fyman@dpw.com	15540	null	null
peggy.mahoney@enron.com	15541	null	null
rhawki1@epelectric.com	15542	null	null
benjamin_weaver@hotmail.com	15543	null	null
alan.nahman@enron.com	15544	null	null
secure-login-request@yahoo-inc.com	15545	null	null
croseland@backlundplumbing.com	15546	null	null
michaelm@jenswold.com	15547	null	null
michaelm@morgangroup.com	15547	null	null
chris.holt@enron.com	15548	null	null
brianherrick@email.msn.com	15549	null	null
mwero@svmg.org	15550	null	null
yaron2k@yahoo.com	15551	null	null
charles.berry@enron.com	15552	null	null
gmail@televar.com	15553	null	null
expediafaretracker_031375@expedia.customer-email.com	15554	null	null
kipope@houston.rr.com	15555	null	null
decspecials@ino.com	15556	null	null
leary@timeinc.com	15557	null	null
expr19@uole.com	15558	null	null
george.james@morganstanley.com	15559	null	null
griffith.owens@enron.com	15560	null	null
skushnick@evomarkets.com	15561	null	null
jdolan@earthllnk.net	15562	null	null
jdolan@ci.glendale.ca.us	15562	null	null
james.scribner@enron.com	15563	null	null
cheryl.nelson@enron.com	15564	null	null
confirmation@ftd.com	15565	null	null
confirmation@corp.classmates.com	15565	null	null
hart.debbie@enron.com	15566	null	null
harrisc@mail.utexas.edu	15567	null	null
masciangelo@duke-energy.com	15568	null	null
emily.jelich@royalbank.com	15569	null	null
jelich.emily@enron.com	15569	null	null
elbarrow@cps-satx.com	15570	null	null
reiscast__wave_two.um.a.1013.218@reis-reports.unitymail.net	15571	null	null
brenda.sells@enron.com	15572	null	null
vy1cs62@email.com.br	15573	null	null
gladwin.michael@enron.com	15574	null	null
dave.samuels@enron.com	15575	null	null
andrea.langfeldt@enron.com	15576	null	null
dennis.montgomery@enron.com	15577	null	null
dyckd@valero.com	15578	null	null
michel.nelson@enron.com	15579	null	null
cedric.belt@enron.com	15580	null	null
nikki.johnson@enron.com	15581	null	null
jason.berlin@enron.com	15582	null	null
slewis@landsenergy.com	15583	null	null
elise01@aol.com	15584	null	null
mind's.madness@enron.com	15585	null	null
wizzard69@usa.net	15586	null	null
pearce.hammond@enron.com	15587	null	null
c92176@aol.com	15588	null	null
michael.morgan@enron.com	15589	null	null
k..longoria@enron.com	15590	null	null
garthcamp@hotmail.com	15591	null	null
rahm@missouri.edu	15592	null	null
rkeanini@energy.state.ca.us	15593	null	null
textsf@stockfirst.com	15594	null	null
charles2064@aol.com	15595	null	null
bjorn.hagelmann@enron.com	15596	null	null
bjorn@bflassociates.com	15596	null	null
amystern@earthlink.net	15597	null	null
cestopinal@mohleadams.com	15598	null	null
dbkinnard@pplmt.com	15599	null	null
robin_tompkins@pgn.com	15600	null	null
robin.tompkins@enron.com	15600	null	null
annabel.houx@gs.com	15601	null	null
'houx@enron.com	15601	null	null
jrb49a@aol.com	15602	null	null
linmih@sverige.nu	15603	null	null
jordan.hunter@enron.com	15604	null	null
stephen.havemann@enron.com	15605	null	null
havemann@enron.com	15605	null	null
lilu@himalayacapital.com	15606	null	null
ouroboros@clds.net	15607	null	null
margy2001@yahoo.com	15608	null	null
maria.luna@enron.com	15609	null	null
outage.scheduling@powerpool.ab.ca	15610	null	null
br5ply89gkv9@hotmail.com	15611	null	null
rishi.modi@csfb.com	15612	null	null
modi@csfb.com	15612	null	null
15126-994@m2.innovyx.com	15613	null	null
1800flowers.194984535@s2u2.com	15614	null	null
todd.neugebauer@enron.com	15615	null	null
ben.humann@enron.com	15616	null	null
earlene.o'connell@enron.com	15617	null	null
2.3894.22-how7spz28_ri.1@cda01.cdnow.com	15618	null	null
22@enron.com	15618	null	null
22@sullcrom.com	15618	null	null
patrick.ryder@enron.com	15619	null	null
joe.main@tricon-yum.com	15620	null	null
david.nutt@enron.com	15621	null	null
katie_pratt@meierandfrank.com	15622	null	null
pratt@kochind.com	15622	null	null
john.oh@enron.com	15623	null	null
pdelvec@ect.enron.com	15624	null	null
crichey@enron.com	15625	null	null
crichey@ect.enron.com	15625	null	null
becky.pitre@enron.com	15626	null	null
pitre@ev1.net	15626	null	null
titman@mail.utexas.edu	15627	null	null
owner-texasexes@avatartechnology.com	15628	null	null
texasexes@avatartechnology.com	15628	null	null
tom.alonso@enron.com	15629	null	null
philip.yoxall@enron.com	15630	null	null
brad.martin@enron.com	15631	null	null
sonia.balboa@enron.com	15632	null	null
jenny.rub@enron.com	15633	null	null
tony.paul@enron.com	15634	null	null
noguilt@swbell.net	15635	null	null
employee.services@enron.com	15636	null	null
bwillia6@us.ibm.com	15637	null	null
rhonda.ryan@enron.com	15638	null	null
pfox@bracepatt.com	15639	null	null
ted.robinson@enron.com	15640	null	null
diana.mclaughlin@enron.com	15641	null	null
madjitey.rexford@enron.com	15642	null	null
e.sullo@enron.com	15643	null	null
kilgore@rice.edu	15644	null	null
efitzgerald@anpower.com	15645	null	null
jennifer.fraser@enron.com	15646	null	null
mark.papasergia@enron.com	15647	null	null
s9lejmw96@hotmail.com	15648	null	null
tsxiyhdavwddhqcm@msn.com	15649	null	null
l..mayes@enron.com	15650	null	null
fredrickson.gene@enron.com	15651	null	null
abmcdon@yahoo.com	15652	null	null
laughlkw@www1.pjm.com	15653	null	null
esai@ma.ultranet.com	15654	null	null
amy.wood@enron.com	15655	null	null
wood.a.@enron.com	15655	null	null
helnswig@aol.com	15656	null	null
owner-nercnews@nerc.com	15657	null	null
andre.walters@enron.com	15658	null	null
judylneyjd@aol.com	15659	null	null
sonderfan@hotmail.com	15660	null	null
rwinn@pnm.com	15661	null	null
delishea.dennis@enron.com	15662	null	null
ketan.parekh@msdw.com	15663	null	null
ketan.parekh@morganstanley.com	15663	null	null
ketan.parekh@ms.com	15663	null	null
fortunelounge@emsiweb.com	15664	null	null
jerry.spottswood@compaq.com	15665	null	null
rwc67u4r3@msn.com	15666	null	null
jean_mrha@enron.net	15667	null	null
mrha@enron.com	15667	null	null
jean.mrha@enron.com	15667	null	null
scott.vonderheide@enron.com	15668	null	null
vonderheide@enron.com	15668	null	null
ballen@gibbs-bruns.com	15669	null	null
expedia.com_021056@expedia.customer-email.com	15670	null	null
gibsonm@mrcorp.com	15671	null	null
sulld@andrews-kurth.com	15672	null	null
pross@cmta.net	15673	null	null
hamilton.wendell@enron.com	15674	null	null
'wendell@enron.com	15674	null	null
expediafaretracker_021483@expedia.customer-email.com	15675	null	null
bill.gulyassy@enron.com	15676	null	null
visitors@edgar-online.com	15677	null	null
smerkel@espeed.com	15678	null	null
coa-virusalert@lists.michbar.org	15679	null	null
coa@attglobal.net	15679	null	null
aumc@ashfordumc.org	15680	null	null
colm_lysaght@agilent.com	15681	null	null
seang@tradefairgroup.com	15682	null	null
rcds20011120@ombramarketing.com	15683	null	null
tlapek.patricia@enron.com	15684	null	null
patricia.tlapek@enron.com	15684	null	null
industrial_engr@yahoo.com	15685	null	null
dpm630@mizzou.edu	15686	null	null
davette.warren@enron.com	15687	null	null
kim.s.theriot@enron.com	15688	null	null
s..theriot@enron.com	15688	null	null
gillettelisa@hotmail.com	15689	null	null
heather.l.gaynor@williams.com	15690	null	null
kelbarker@aol.com	15691	null	null
forrester-forum1@frstrelay001.forrester.com	15692	null	null
lkinner@tractebelusa.com	15693	null	null
wgramm@gmu.edu	15694	null	null
wgramm@osf1.gmu.edu	15694	null	null
wgramm@aol.com	15694	null	null
jferrett@ccemtl.org	15695	null	null
barbaranielsen@dwt.com	15696	null	null
beth.cherry@enform.com	15697	null	null
beth.cherry@enron.com	15697	null	null
cherry.beth@enron.com	15697	null	null
milesrobin@aol.com	15698	null	null
dgagliardi@reliantenergy.com	15699	null	null
dgagliardi@reliant.com	15699	null	null
ratewatch@eloan.com	15700	null	null
cutty.cunningham@enron.com	15701	null	null
mbruce@svmg.org	15702	null	null
jennwood@wildmail.com	15703	null	null
catherine.culwell@enron.com	15704	null	null
jarenzana@ecompany.net	15705	null	null
erica.mestre@enron.com	15706	null	null
abb@eslawfirm.com	15707	null	null
carol_a_miller@dom.com	15708	null	null
carol_a._miller@dom.com	15708	null	null
kate.cole@enron.com	15709	null	null
louis.eber@ubsw.com	15710	null	null
fillmore@sweepsclub.com	15711	null	null
duane.konen@enron.com	15712	null	null
duane_konen@eott.com	15712	null	null
lanette.earnest@enron.com	15713	null	null
tabish.rizvi@capco.com	15714	null	null
djdavis@coral-energy.com	15715	null	null
tec@editingco.com	15716	null	null
achilders@calpine.com	15717	null	null
trichter@ercot.com	15718	null	null
ateed@svse.net	15719	null	null
tglaze@serc1.org	15720	null	null
hans.wong@enron.com	15721	null	null
enron.2@enron.com	15722	null	null
bieraugel@john-paul-jones.navy.mil	15723	null	null
bieraugel@efortress.com	15723	null	null
bodplus@maininc.org	15724	null	null
karen.way@piperrudnick.com	15725	null	null
jesus.guerra@enron.com	15726	null	null
djhyvl@aol.com	15727	null	null
djhyvl@houston.rr.com	15727	null	null
djhyvl@aep.com	15727	null	null
vk167@hotmail.com	15728	null	null
ryan_balgopal@scotiamarkets.com	15729	null	null
jbustos@calpine.com	15730	null	null
maria.minguillon@enron.com	15731	null	null
jwells@nbsrealtors.com	15732	null	null
bkbrawner@aol.com	15733	null	null
fphzdhnstlevgszn@msn.com	15734	null	null
linda.auwers@enron.com	15735	null	null
linda.auwers@compaq.com	15735	null	null
becky.dill@enron.com	15736	null	null
rbarron@rt66.com	15737	null	null
gdavidson@cilco.com	15738	null	null
cholmes@energy.state.ca.us	15739	null	null
security.sap@enron.com	15740	null	null
sap.security@enron.com	15740	null	null
sap_security@enron.com	15740	null	null
friesen.donna@enron.com	15741	null	null
dicks@csufresno.edu	15742	null	null
esther.dasilva@enron.com	15743	null	null
quigley.kay@enron.com	15744	null	null
kay.quigley@enron.com	15744	null	null
bobbygonzalez@apbenergy.com	15745	null	null
jryall@enron.com	15746	null	null
sandip.joshi@enron.com	15747	null	null
it.dl-portland@enron.com	15748	null	null
it.portland@enron.com	15748	null	null
amtxj@126.com	15749	null	null
alan.chapman@enron.com	15750	null	null
raturturice@aep.com	15751	null	null
rswindle@bmoh.com	15752	null	null
jonathan.roumel@enron.com	15753	null	null
roy.hartstein@enron.com	15754	null	null
james.fleak@enron.com	15755	null	null
nearley@xenergy.com	15756	null	null
quatrohijos@aol.com	15757	null	null
clem.cernosek@enron.com	15758	null	null
414370.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	15759	null	null
phaslam@cwv.edu	15760	null	null
paul.stehr@standardregister.com	15761	null	null
mgreenblatt@sempratrading.com	15762	null	null
clmarshall@aep.com	15763	null	null
searchresults@match.com	15764	null	null
howard.sangwine@enron.com	15765	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.107671@joinmail.ccbn.com	15766	null	null
kruse1110@insightbb.com	15767	null	null
ceilbeck@yahoo.com	15768	null	null
richard.anderson@enron.com	15769	null	null
mayse.bob@enron.com	15770	null	null
scapes73@yahoo.com	15771	null	null
crystinemlee@hotmail.com	15772	null	null
jan-erland.bekeng@enron.com	15773	null	null
edeoul@aethersystems.com	15774	null	null
tyrus@onebox.com	15775	null	null
veronica.thompson@enron.com	15776	null	null
elizabeth.lay@enron.com	15777	null	null
jon_sullivan@pagenet.com	15778	null	null
mailservices@ir-group.com	15779	null	null
mailservices@ir-group.co.uk	15779	null	null
sheino@ercot-iso.com	15780	null	null
bo.normark@ch.abb.com	15781	null	null
nathan.will@enron.com	15782	null	null
ghostsarehere@webtv.net	15783	null	null
alex.heath@enron.com	15784	null	null
jessicasullens@utilityservicegroup.com	15785	null	null
ef4rj75d7f@hotmail.com	15786	null	null
marketing_staff@calpx.com	15787	null	null
jlew@reliant.com	15788	null	null
jlew@kent.edu	15788	null	null
sandy.olitsky@enron.com	15789	null	null
hb@maths.lth.se	15790	null	null
bob_birch@fpl.com	15791	null	null
morpheus@inyouremail.com	15792	null	null
totodigi2@yahoo.com	15793	null	null
jessica.bateman.pulliam@bakerbotts.com	15794	null	null
jessica.pulliam@bakerbotts.com	15794	null	null
jessica.bateman@bakerbotts.com	15794	null	null
tamayo@enron.com	15795	null	null
cldftgmis@hotmail.com	15796	null	null
tschoppe@houston.rr.com	15797	null	null
irfiman@aol.com	15798	null	null
robert_h_george@ei.enron.com	15799	null	null
osmar.abib@csfb.com	15800	null	null
juliecgibson@yahoo.com	15801	null	null
teresa.dyar@enron.com	15802	null	null
gnapi@intertrust.com	15803	null	null
ofotofocus@ofoto.com	15804	null	null
jimzim@charter.net	15805	null	null
robert.buckman@enron.com	15806	null	null
jane.saladino@enron.com	15807	null	null
s..saladino@enron.com	15807	null	null
russell.long@enron.com	15808	null	null
egmcdonald@smith.com	15809	null	null
telcoinvc@aol.com	15810	null	null
order-update@amazon.com	15811	null	null
a..price@enron.com	15812	null	null
stuart.ogg@weil.com	15813	null	null
calbrecht@oldcastleglass.com	15814	null	null
bill_lovejoy@hp.com	15815	null	null
ebaughm@enron.com	15816	null	null
brendan.fitzsimmons@enron.com	15817	null	null
ellen_r_dailey@reliantenergy.com	15818	null	null
geoffrey-friesen@uiowa.edu	15819	null	null
abe2@pge.com	15820	null	null
aucoind@epenergy.com	15821	null	null
isc.managers@enron.com	15822	null	null
macra_c@yahoo.com	15823	null	null
sgm@steelhector.com	15824	null	null
jimpovec@improvenow.com	15825	null	null
vthwreatt@lifefx.com	15826	null	null
lwsmith@midcogen.com	15827	null	null
julie.cobb@enron.com	15828	null	null
emy.geraldo@enron.com	15829	null	null
mei-ling.kaster@enron.com	15830	null	null
sauradou@caiso.com	15831	null	null
tgross@amerexenergy.com	15832	null	null
tgross@nui.com	15832	null	null
bryhull7@swbell.net	15833	null	null
robert.sevitz@enron.com	15834	null	null
lisa.fawcett@enron.com	15835	null	null
zljp06a@prodigy.com	15836	null	null
kmpresto@hotmail.com	15837	null	null
kmpresto@msn.com	15837	null	null
electronic_ideas@800.com	15838	null	null
ideas@hgtvnewsletters.com	15838	null	null
ideas@oatiinc.com	15838	null	null
foresight@xenergy.com	15839	null	null
?????.?????@enron.com	15840	null	null
jason.brent@enron.com	15841	null	null
kelly.p.liles@ac.com	15842	null	null
rmasciangelo@dukenergy.com	15843	null	null
rmasciangelo@duke-energy.com	15843	null	null
christopherszell@yahoo.com	15844	null	null
jabbott@entrix.com	15845	null	null
halbromm@hotmail.com	15846	null	null
bret.bef.fritch@enron.com	15847	null	null
cnmfree@hrb.de	15848	null	null
dorie.hitchcock@enron.com	15849	null	null
lmattson@dsda.com	15850	null	null
danny.cervantes@mcd.com	15851	null	null
adesell@nyiso.com	15852	null	null
execed@wharton.upenn.edu	15853	null	null
erin.norris@enron.com	15854	null	null
piacentini.mary@enron.com	15855	null	null
tdouek@nirvanasoft.com	15856	null	null
bneff2@enron.com	15857	null	null
bneff2@notes.enron.com	15857	null	null
reiscast__wave_two.um.a.1013.332@reis-reports.unitymail.net	15858	null	null
musslewhite.diane@enron.com	15859	null	null
houstonward@enron.com	15860	null	null
jennifer.beck@duchesne.org	15861	null	null
jennifer.beck@enron.com	15861	null	null
cindy.skinner@enron.com	15862	null	null
gillian.lockwood@enron.com	15863	null	null
handshohl@eudoramail.com	15864	null	null
joana.ryan@enron.com	15865	null	null
lgurley1@txu.com	15866	null	null
phillip_fantle@cargill.com	15867	null	null
carlos.vicens@enron.com	15868	null	null
tqeditor-admin@lists.economist.com	15869	null	null
sandis@midwestenergy.org	15870	null	null
tfmclarty@mclarty.com	15871	null	null
contactus@thedowntownclubhouston.com	15872	null	null
contactus@jamesgalleryhouston.com	15872	null	null
paulette.brunson@bakerbotts.com	15873	null	null
sven.becker@enron.com	15874	null	null
darlene.norris@enron.com	15875	null	null
theresa.vos@enron.com	15876	null	null
kay.threet@enron.com	15877	null	null
michael.demott@ny.frb.org	15878	null	null
yee.dan@enron.com	15879	null	null
kip.lipper@ca.sen.gov	15880	null	null
kip.lipper@sen.ca.gov	15880	null	null
vblackwell@houston.rr.com	15881	null	null
bryanusc@hotmail.com	15882	null	null
f17321@i-france.com	15883	null	null
reese.bradley@enron.com	15884	null	null
stu.staley@enron.com	15885	null	null
jgermain@kaztex.com	15886	null	null
doug.arnell@enron.com	15887	null	null
chris.balmer@enron.com	15888	null	null
judy.lin@enron.com	15889	null	null
amdavila@netzero.net	15890	null	null
robyn.menear@enron.com	15891	null	null
zmcclure@enron.com	15892	null	null
philippa.daniel@enron.com	15893	null	null
janetteathome@animail.net	15894	null	null
thresa.allen@enron.com	15895	null	null
wlohman@usasean.org	15896	null	null
elida.aguilar@enron.com	15897	null	null
btzcat@webtv.net	15898	null	null
john.delainey@enron.com	15899	null	null
juan.jass@enron.com	15900	null	null
christy.young@enron.com	15901	null	null
ronnie.brickman@enron.com	15902	null	null
robert.davis@enron.com	15903	null	null
smabblymedium@hotmail.com	15904	null	null
equalamail@opt-in.emailsvc.net	15905	null	null
reed.wills@uaecorp.com	15906	null	null
lindaw@seccin.com	15907	null	null
'nielsen@enron.com	15908	null	null
ron.holtz@enron.com	15909	null	null
holtz@enron.com	15909	null	null
bob.carnell@enron.com	15910	null	null
executive_director@periwinklefoundation.org	15911	null	null
director@enron.com	15911	null	null
bulkpc.bulkpc@hoegh.no	15912	null	null
jamey.johnston@enron.com	15913	null	null
clark97@ev1.net	15914	null	null
clark97@swbell.net	15914	null	null
jplatt@epri.com	15915	null	null
jrougvie@urmgroup.com	15916	null	null
sunita.cooke@nhmccd.edu	15917	null	null
keesling@enron.com	15918	null	null
todd.musser@enron.com	15919	null	null
r..saunders@enron.com	15920	null	null
tarajeslick@hotmail.com	15921	null	null
carla.hoffman@enron.com	15922	null	null
sherenehess@yourinter.net	15923	null	null
lane.merchant@enron.com	15924	null	null
jnorden@enron.com	15925	null	null
james.fallon@enron.com	15926	null	null
miguel.vasquez@enron.com	15927	null	null
ebass@enron.com	15928	null	null
ebass@ect.enron.com	15928	null	null
mary.birmingham@enron.com	15929	null	null
norman.lee@enron.com	15930	null	null
clowe@intcx.com	15931	null	null
pxnotes@calpx.com	15932	null	null
john.keller@enron.com	15933	null	null
tom.montag@gs.com	15934	null	null
nemec.wayne@enron.com	15935	null	null
jidoyle@hotmail.com	15936	null	null
nrs9rsd@msn.com	15937	null	null
zachary.allen@enron.com	15938	null	null
mnobili@cal-lobby.com	15939	null	null
vennemania@juno.com	15940	null	null
jordan.lance@enron.com	15941	null	null
kenny.nicoll@enron.com	15942	null	null
robin.kittel@enron.com	15943	null	null
jeffdasovich@enron.com	15944	null	null
joseph.henry@enron.com	15945	null	null
hcampos@enron.com	15946	null	null
tedleighty@yahoo.com	15947	null	null
charlie.bass@enron.com	15948	null	null
ldonoho@enron.com	15949	null	null
djohnston@travelmasters.ca	15950	null	null
fpestoni@almaden.ibm.com	15951	null	null
jim.derrick@enron.com	15952	null	null
carol.carter@enron.com	15953	null	null
akiko.hirano@tga.co.jp	15954	null	null
jay.holm@enron.com	15955	null	null
elspeth.inglis@enron.com	15956	null	null
wfranca@solarc.com	15957	null	null
grona.suzanne@enron.com	15958	null	null
bfagan@paradigmbank.com	15959	null	null
maria.hernandez@enron.com	15960	null	null
hernandez.maria@enron.com	15960	null	null
maria.hernandez@lbb.state.tx.us	15960	null	null
joannerutkowski@bakerbotts.com	15961	null	null
zofiagrodek@hoga.pl	15962	null	null
zofiagrodek@usa.net	15962	null	null
schoongl@sce.com	15963	null	null
leindorfer@wharton.upenn.edu	15964	null	null
scrinshaw@enron.com	15965	null	null
dan.connally@enron.com	15966	null	null
jennifer.rosado@enron.com	15967	null	null
berry.gk@lycos.com	15968	null	null
brian.redmond@enron.com	15969	null	null
gfoster@antigenics.com	15970	null	null
justin.williams@linklaters.com	15971	null	null
bruce_pohlman@alliancepower.com	15972	null	null
wefinvitation@forbes.com	15973	null	null
ceoextra@houston.org	15974	null	null
sdimitroff@kslaw.com	15975	null	null
wbd_5@hotmail.com	15976	null	null
lori.fischer@ubsw.com	15977	null	null
losi@pbworld.com	15978	null	null
wankhade@rice.edu	15979	null	null
robin.panzer@enron.com	15980	null	null
bns77@aol.com	15981	null	null
ttotten@nyiso.com	15982	null	null
william.bonnell@tres.bnc.ca	15983	null	null
jjohnson@velaw.com	15984	null	null
brent_richard_s@solar.cat.com	15985	null	null
richard.brent@enron.com	15985	null	null
lines@enron.com	15986	null	null
gfidas@gwu.edu	15987	null	null
dnjhv@i-france.com	15988	null	null
estelle.jutzas@enron.com	15989	null	null
elisabeth_mends@enron.net	15990	null	null
elisabeth.mends@enron.com	15990	null	null
valerie.dewille@timberline.com	15991	null	null
valerie.dewille@infocus.com	15991	null	null
stacey.wales@enron.com	15992	null	null
hxk@sos-software.de	15993	null	null
guidi155@yahoo.com	15994	null	null
tracy.minter@enron.com	15995	null	null
michaela.jim@att.net	15996	null	null
michaela.jim@worldnet.att.net	15996	null	null
cuthbert.roberts@enron.com	15997	null	null
ryoung@fednav.com	15998	null	null
schniers.angie@enron.com	15999	null	null
unsubscribe_from_entertainment@enews.buy.com	16000	null	null
drrampacek@ev1.net	16001	null	null
rsbrown@ecubedllc.com	16002	null	null
evfacf01@haas.berkeley.edu	16003	null	null
ibkutch@att.net	16004	null	null
christa.aguilar@enron.com	16005	null	null
christa@crossborderenergy.com	16005	null	null
rburke@iso-ne.com	16006	null	null
alexm@amerexenergy.com	16007	null	null
alexm@calpine.com	16007	null	null
khk2001@msn.com	16008	null	null
claref@marcusevansch.com	16009	null	null
agenergy@aeca.com	16010	null	null
74012.251@compuserve.com	16011	null	null
martinc@pgdp.usec.com	16012	null	null
fist930584@shchori.co.il	16013	null	null
westonj@rice.edu	16014	null	null
ggotche1@txu.com	16015	null	null
bherod@enron.com	16016	null	null
t..brogan@enron.com	16017	null	null
bradylaw@pacbell.net	16018	null	null
carriere@uunet.uu.net	16019	null	null
jwlucas@erols.com	16020	null	null
merkeliii@yahoo.com	16021	null	null
rgladstein@aol.com	16022	null	null
debbie.chance@enron.com	16023	null	null
tlester@firstunion1.com	16024	null	null
dmaskell@houston.rr.com	16025	null	null
efernandez@teainc.org	16026	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029917@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	16027	null	null
huyg384@flashmail.com	16028	null	null
steve.bigalow@enron.com	16029	null	null
bob.fagan@enron.com	16030	null	null
jennifer.hillegonds@enron.com	16031	null	null
faretracker_018751@expedia.customer-email.com	16032	null	null
1.3597.72-cxtysrcfkeli.1@mailer.realage.com	16033	null	null
yahoo-delivers@yahoo-inc.com	16034	null	null
delivers@amazon.com	16034	null	null
rbarnett@handspring.com	16035	null	null
brian.r.vassigh@accenture.com	16036	null	null
alyons@mindspring.com	16037	null	null
lloyd.bloom@elpaso.com	16038	null	null
joseph.galan@enron.com	16039	null	null
lou.leffler@nerc.com	16040	null	null
whain@pace.net	16041	null	null
amerosie748@yahoo.com	16042	null	null
patrick.frnka@enron.com	16043	null	null
brycewschneider@yahoo.com	16044	null	null
marielle.sack@gs.com	16045	null	null
patrick_t_smith@ml.com	16046	null	null
npd@customoffers.com	16047	null	null
kfullenweider@velaw.com	16048	null	null
gnetter@grandaire.com	16049	null	null
gautam.gupta@enron.com	16050	null	null
debg@pdq.net	16051	null	null
debg@nrel.colostate.edu	16051	null	null
swebb@raychildressautogroup.dealerspace.com	16052	null	null
team.monahans@enron.com	16053	null	null
cabbie@unm.edu	16054	null	null
david.kowalczyk@enron.com	16055	null	null
flightstatus@orbitz.com	16056	null	null
jelyons2@hotmail.com	16057	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3871@lists.smartmoney.com	16058	null	null
glory.chi@enron.com	16059	null	null
enernetenergy@excite.com	16060	null	null
james.galea@sympatico.ca	16061	null	null
galea@mcgown.com	16061	null	null
cheryl.cole@enron.com	16062	null	null
no-reply@mail.southwest.com	16063	null	null
no-reply@smtp2.southwest.com	16063	null	null
aida.o'neal@enron.com	16064	null	null
jim.talcott@enron.com	16065	null	null
tingleaf.drew@enron.com	16066	null	null
drew.tingleaf@enron.com	16066	null	null
msngamingzone_020097@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	16067	null	null
ericboyt@hotmail.com	16068	null	null
jana.mills@enron.com	16069	null	null
ftenergy1@ftenergy.com	16070	null	null
thebert@energynewengland.com	16071	null	null
nicole.palczer@enron.com	16072	null	null
mondohed@gte.net	16073	null	null
andy.blanchard@enron.com	16074	null	null
kenneth.deng@enron.com	16075	null	null
smithf@epenergy.com	16076	null	null
marketparticipants@caiso.com	16077	null	null
1800flowers.232414353@s2u2.com	16078	null	null
mike.deville@enron.com	16079	null	null
deville@lcc.net	16079	null	null
terri.bachand@enron.com	16080	null	null
john.rutledge@enron.com	16081	null	null
rutledge@enron.com	16081	null	null
kelly.donlevy-lee@enron.com	16082	null	null
cwb1@pge.com	16083	null	null
ravi.thuraisingham.enron_communications@enron.com	16084	null	null
users.dl-01v@enron.com	16085	null	null
sjmara@earthlink.net	16086	null	null
holly.fuller@elpaso.com	16087	null	null
holly.fuller@coastalcorp.com	16087	null	null
brad.alford@enron.com	16088	null	null
eileenleahy@akllp.com	16089	null	null
ameytina@bear.com	16090	null	null
debbie.moore@enron.com	16091	null	null
harold.bertram@enron.com	16092	null	null
cbpres@austin.rr.com	16093	null	null
paulseve@akllp.com	16094	null	null
mfgildea@duke-energy.com	16095	null	null
amyb@mid.org	16096	null	null
amyb@activate.net	16096	null	null
dschwab@bracepatt.com	16097	null	null
ppipitone@akllp.com	16098	null	null
ppipitone@andrews-kurth.com	16098	null	null
enron84@aol.com	16099	null	null
cruane@quinngillespie.com	16100	null	null
jeffry_l_keister@dom.com	16101	null	null
sik@businessworldwide.net	16102	null	null
samar.khleif@enron.com	16103	null	null
bshaughn@lehman.com	16104	null	null
skimpel@akingump.com	16105	null	null
massimo.marolo@enron.com	16106	null	null
richard.tomaski@enron.com	16107	null	null
rrf_gibson@marad.dot.gov	16108	null	null
vladimir.gorny@enron.com	16109	null	null
davef@jmbm.com	16110	null	null
davef@abag.ca.gov	16110	null	null
energy.vertical@juno.com	16111	null	null
ebronner@tecoenergy.com	16112	null	null
flak2@aol.com	16113	null	null
mike.a.roberts@enron.com	16114	null	null
mike.roberts@enron.com	16114	null	null
eradicator_97@hotmail.com	16115	null	null
pjamea@aol.com	16116	null	null
peter.blackmore@compaq.com	16117	null	null
invitation.mailout@enron.com	16118	null	null
linda.sietzema@enron.com	16119	null	null
finn@spectronenergy.com	16120	null	null
bob.barron@neg.pge.com	16121	null	null
barron@enron.com	16121	null	null
mmladolezal@gvec.net	16122	null	null
krisna_becker@hgsi.com	16123	null	null
rfp.for.us.supply@cgc.enbridge.com	16124	null	null
eventbounces@registration.go.com	16125	null	null
jpulliam@velaw.com	16126	null	null
bwhitta@pnm.com	16127	null	null
thejulles@msn.com	16128	null	null
thejulles@hotmail.com	16128	null	null
chris.bailey@enron.com	16129	null	null
saighman.jayne@enron.com	16130	null	null
david.luppino@dynegy.com	16131	null	null
malong0509@aol.com	16132	null	null
lrissover@hotmail.com	16133	null	null
paulbunion@prodigy.net	16134	null	null
paul.t.lucci@enron.com	16135	null	null
paul_t_lucci@enron.com	16135	null	null
ppantano@mwe.com	16136	null	null
jkvillarre@aol.com	16137	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029469@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	16138	null	null
steve.brown@mirant.com	16139	null	null
rrorschach@email.msn.com	16140	null	null
rrorschach@msn.com	16140	null	null
fisherinvestments@worldatamail.com	16141	null	null
missy.sturgeon@cinergy.com	16142	null	null
ken.lay-.chairman.of.the.board@enron.com	16143	null	null
renz22@erols.com	16144	null	null
angela.davis@enron.com	16145	null	null
angela_davis@agc.com	16145	null	null
kevin-gresham@reliantenergy.com	16146	null	null
8dznl4fzr@msn.com	16147	null	null
igo.ue.z6394.m15249390@ixs1.net	16148	null	null
toni.schulenburg@enron.com	16149	null	null
toni@associatedtitle.com	16149	null	null
bernadette.dowling@connectiv.com	16150	null	null
bernadette.dowling@conectiv.com	16150	null	null
eric.gadd@enron.com	16151	null	null
jbutler@pnm.com	16152	null	null
econews-request@yardeni.com	16153	null	null
econews@yardeni.com	16153	null	null
cgeorge@enron.com	16154	null	null
kent_burton@ogden-energy.com	16155	null	null
skydivespaceland@email.msn.com	16156	null	null
donald.w.herrick@enron.com	16157	null	null
w..herrick@enron.com	16157	null	null
carol.brittain@enron.com	16158	null	null
hotpick178543@yahoo.co.jp	16159	null	null
kori.loibl@enron.com	16160	null	null
shelly.smith@gt.pge.com	16161	null	null
gls@quarles.com	16162	null	null
dsg47@earthlink.net	16163	null	null
margie.crozier@neg.pge.com	16164	null	null
sam.round@enron.com	16165	null	null
dvwolfe@bpa.gov	16166	null	null
martin.stanley@enron.com	16167	null	null
allbritton@clausman.com	16168	null	null
praveen.kumar@mail.uh.edu	16169	null	null
david.martin@enron.com	16170	null	null
kevin.paley@enron.com	16171	null	null
kevin.paley@cinergy.com	16171	null	null
gareth.davies@enron.com	16172	null	null
mauricio.ortiz@enron.com	16173	null	null
myrna.salinas@enron.com	16174	null	null
enroncarl@enron.com	16175	null	null
sean.black@enron.com	16176	null	null
ted.hailu@enron.com	16177	null	null
ihomeowner_com.ue.t9313.x28774736@ixs1.net	16178	null	null
mechelle.atwood@enron.com	16179	null	null
scottlay@davis.com	16180	null	null
fortem@coned.com	16181	null	null
heather.koch@enform.com	16182	null	null
rapwayne@aol.com	16183	null	null
evan.sally@enron.com	16184	null	null
morad@midsouth.rr.com	16185	null	null
h..boots@enron.com	16186	null	null
susan.nothnagel@attws.com	16187	null	null
russell'.'hackmann@enron.com	16188	null	null
russell.hackmann@enron.com	16188	null	null
coconnor@prebon.com	16189	null	null
bob.d.johnson@mailman.enron.com	16190	null	null
mvanrassel@rpmtec.com	16191	null	null
jim.rogers@cinergy.com	16192	null	null
mikeedylan@elvisisthebomb.com	16193	null	null
marnie.lamb@enron.com	16194	null	null
robert.hall@enron.com	16195	null	null
angieb46@yahoo.com	16196	null	null
dan.leff@enron.com	16197	null	null
leff@enron.com	16197	null	null
leff.dan@enron.com	16197	null	null
tina_leavy@msn.com	16198	null	null
mdansel@westvaco.com	16199	null	null
rpfeffer@philipinc.com	16200	null	null
ndm@maininc.org	16201	null	null
kgarcia@notrecap.com	16202	null	null
rcxs20011120@ombramarketing.com	16203	null	null
jeff.rudolph@enron.com	16204	null	null
nmurdter@aol.com	16205	null	null
richard.weeks@enron.com	16206	null	null
actforchange.com@mailman.enron.com	16207	null	null
lbrobins@gapac.com	16208	null	null
mmurray@aga.org	16209	null	null
john.woodman@enron.com	16210	null	null
shakenit@primus.ca	16211	null	null
rosswork@cwia.com	16212	null	null
jemer4@home.com	16213	null	null
wscfeedback@wallstreetcity.com	16214	null	null
frbnyrmag1@peach.ease.lsoft.com	16215	null	null
everyone_in_ect_calgary@enron.com	16216	null	null
mmiddleton@mailbox.sw.org	16217	null	null
bob.burleson@enron.com	16218	null	null
stephanie.gardner@enron.com	16219	null	null
clifford.classen@engenoil.com	16220	null	null
steve_targett@national.com.au	16221	null	null
steve_targett@nag.national.com.au	16221	null	null
laurel.crafts@library.gatech.edu	16222	null	null
jtokley@monumentderivatives.com	16223	null	null
corpgen@mail.abanet.org	16224	null	null
the.pulse-ena@enron.com	16225	null	null
sjain@haas.berkeley.edu	16226	null	null
amyphil@msn.com	16227	null	null
christine.agnew@weil.com	16228	null	null
nfabri@natsource.com	16229	null	null
belovell@bpa.gov	16230	null	null
cjs_1969@yahoo.com	16231	null	null
jason.wiesepape@enron.com	16232	null	null
blair1115h@emsiweb.com	16233	null	null
mgladwin@cisco.com	16234	null	null
elwieger@worldnet.att.net	16235	null	null
419524.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	16236	null	null
dmeek@agency.com	16237	null	null
foxsportsflash_h@mailings.foxsports.com	16238	null	null
susie.wilson@enron.com	16239	null	null
dipaolop@natfuel.com	16240	null	null
ssmuarco@uh.edu	16241	null	null
mmax1805@pmicim.com	16242	null	null
lowwoman@aol.com	16243	null	null
rafael.roa@eds.com	16244	null	null
david.hutchinson@enron.com	16245	null	null
ted.enloe@compaq.com	16246	null	null
laverne.essoufi@enron.com	16247	null	null
sheri.thomas@enron.com	16248	null	null
hbean@intellibridge.com	16249	null	null
moises.benchluch@enron.com	16250	null	null
hd1b62@msn.com	16251	null	null
ningya.cheng@enron.com	16252	null	null
pifpd@mail.ee	16253	null	null
steven.jungman@eott.com	16254	null	null
doug_kuns@pgn.com	16255	null	null
lgunnell@msgidirect.com	16256	null	null
enron.managers@enron.com	16257	null	null
asayegh@emirates.net.ae	16258	null	null
asayegh@enron.com	16258	null	null
7666@188.net	16259	null	null
markd@nepco.com	16260	null	null
damonmisti@aol.com	16261	null	null
amy.rios@enron.com	16262	null	null
paul.v.hartley@intel.com	16263	null	null
david.marks@enron.com	16264	null	null
andrew.king@blakes.com	16265	null	null
david-p.walker@ubsw.com	16266	null	null
steven.elliott@enron.com	16267	null	null
arsamson@mailman.enron.com	16268	null	null
20participants@caiso.com	16269	null	null
u7gkqxqh2@hotmail.com	16270	null	null
andrew.watson@usbx.com	16271	null	null
andrew.watson@ubsw.com	16271	null	null
57908.findassets@wiz.ixgate	16272	null	null
klietzan@columbiaenergygroup.com	16273	null	null
bmcdonald@unocal.com	16274	null	null
glen.hass@enron.com	16275	null	null
cc.ticket@enron.com	16276	null	null
stewart.marc@enron.com	16277	null	null
jim.cole@enron.com	16278	null	null
steve.pearlman@enron.com	16279	null	null
suzanne.m.bennett@dynegy.com	16280	null	null
sally.slaughter@enron.com	16281	null	null
hellertj@apci.com	16282	null	null
jessea@mediaone.net	16283	null	null
'asem'@enron.com	16284	null	null
mark.davidson@enron.com	16285	null	null
2001.conference-coronado.island@mailman.enron.com	16286	null	null
jakeup33@yahoo.com	16287	null	null
r.j.hoff@att.net	16288	null	null
chris.cockrell@enron.com	16289	null	null
vincent.strohmeyer@enron.com	16290	null	null
strohmeyer@enron.com	16290	null	null
s..telle@enron.com	16291	null	null
ckwon@aol.com	16292	null	null
ckwon@qmtn.quintiles.com	16292	null	null
amyf@review.com	16293	null	null
cweldon@houston.rr.cpm	16294	null	null
cweldon@houston.rr.com	16294	null	null
dbartek@metropo.mccneb.edu	16295	null	null
psmith2@rochester.rr.com	16296	null	null
fred_f_wilson@dom.com	16297	null	null
grovd@andrews-kurth.com	16298	null	null
scott.gilchrist@enron.com	16299	null	null
405954.124936407.2@1.americanexpress.com	16300	null	null
lsmith@togetherkc.org	16301	null	null
commercial.list@ned.hortifrutinet.com.br	16302	null	null
kstewart@ctcua.org	16303	null	null
bwhitwell@we-law.com	16304	null	null
kmarafio@skadden.com	16305	null	null
ameritrade_020717@ameritrade.customer-email.com	16306	null	null
todd.warwick@enron.com	16307	null	null
jo.johnson@enron.com	16308	null	null
slist@campbell.com	16309	null	null
kenneth.gurley@enron.com	16310	null	null
ruth.jensen@enron.com	16311	null	null
plopes@energynewengland.com	16312	null	null
bberneking@summitenergy.com	16313	null	null
rajen.shah@enron.com	16314	null	null
smcguire@adnc.com	16315	null	null
hfreedman@marionscott.com	16316	null	null
alex.hidalgo@enron.com	16317	null	null
kpeterson@gpc.ca	16318	null	null
kpeterson@epelectric.com	16318	null	null
cchilder@arb.ca.gov	16319	null	null
btate1@epelectric.com	16320	null	null
lysherif@yahoo.com	16321	null	null
wollam.erik@enron.com	16322	null	null
wollam@enron.com	16322	null	null
wollam'.'erik@enron.com	16322	null	null
martha.townsend@dakousa.com	16323	null	null
p..messenger@enron.com	16324	null	null
codydownard@hotmail.com	16325	null	null
jeff.nielsen@enron.com	16326	null	null
john.j.lavorato@enron.com	16327	null	null
denise.squirrel@enron.com	16328	null	null
peter.goebel@enron.com	16329	null	null
jennifer.b.novak1@jsc.nasa.gov	16330	null	null
vjb@cpuc.ca.gov	16331	null	null
vstewart@inotes.iced.net	16332	null	null
dan.mowrer@enron.com	16333	null	null
ccidata@comcntr.com	16334	null	null
rahul.seksaria@enron.com	16335	null	null
merrileech@aol.com	16336	null	null
chris.woodhouse@enron.com	16337	null	null
agheb@aol.com	16338	null	null
sharad.agnihotri@enron.com	16339	null	null
ann.costello@gs.com	16340	null	null
adrianne.engler@enron.com	16341	null	null
l..harrison@enron.com	16342	null	null
rbjohnson@cmsenergy.com	16343	null	null
bbh@group1auto.com	16344	null	null
dustin_kalman@yahoo.com	16345	null	null
jc9501@aol.com	16346	null	null
mcunning@pwrteam.com	16347	null	null
khajweg@aol.com	16348	null	null
mbartolotta@fsw.com	16349	null	null
magnus.ward@seb.se	16350	null	null
l..taylor@enron.com	16351	null	null
412162.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	16352	null	null
jdyer@syncor.com	16353	null	null
angelwgsx2@aol.com	16354	null	null
kathy.neal@enron.com	16355	null	null
jim.gilbert@enron.com	16356	null	null
mitravichr@epenergy.com	16357	null	null
cristinaluscher@uol.com.br	16358	null	null
rmchenry@riskwaters.com	16359	null	null
richey_holly@prc.com	16360	null	null
abigail.taylor@enron.com	16361	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.1408.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	16362	null	null
cecilia.morellato@enron.com	16363	null	null
travis.williams@enron.com	16364	null	null
iona.maclean@enron.com	16365	null	null
iona@garygreene.com	16365	null	null
iona@ionaalphonso.com	16365	null	null
todd.hattenbach@enron.com	16366	null	null
clickathome.participants@enron.com	16367	null	null
mnelson@pricegroup.com	16368	null	null
randall.hicks@enron.com	16369	null	null
pat.bertotti@txh.nmss.org	16370	null	null
rippew@louisdreyfus.com	16371	null	null
htheaker@velaw.com	16372	null	null
tgorski@madisonenergy.com	16373	null	null
tgorski@wpi.edu	16373	null	null
mike_mccalister@aimfunds.com	16374	null	null
paul.d'arcy@enron.com	16375	null	null
beth_warpmaeker.parti@ecunet.org	16376	null	null
beth_warpmaeker.parti@tmh.tmc.edu	16376	null	null
tporteous@burke-mayer.com	16377	null	null
tporteous@lemle.com	16377	null	null
marlow.anderson@enron.com	16378	null	null
gilmal@panam.edu	16379	null	null
trent.taylor@eott.com	16380	null	null
wade_koteras@enron.com	16381	null	null
gccvalentinegifts@email.online.hallmark.com	16382	null	null
blaine.wofford@dvn.com	16383	null	null
raewyn.perkins@enron.com	16384	null	null
dkirken@columbiaenergygroup.com	16385	null	null
veronica.hill@enron.com	16386	null	null
john.ambler@enron.com	16387	null	null
houston.dl-ubsw@enron.com	16388	null	null
kimberly.allen@enron.com	16389	null	null
tara_taylor@email.msn.com	16390	null	null
ddaetz@cybersource.com	16391	null	null
morning23@alerts.equityalert.com	16392	null	null
barnetts@kochind.com	16393	null	null
57q85e1o@msn.com	16394	null	null
rboyle@nyiso.com	16395	null	null
n.cooper@enron.com	16396	null	null
doug.wilkinson@enron.com	16397	null	null
sukhvinder.virk@enron.com	16398	null	null
hissongm@dteenergy.com	16399	null	null
407982.126941280.2@1.americanexpress.com	16400	null	null
brenda.castillo@enron.com	16401	null	null
kskilling@ehshouston.org	16402	null	null
pipeline.team@enron.com	16403	null	null
jlshaner@compuserve.com	16404	null	null
benjamin.wimberly@verizon.net	16405	null	null
harry's.group@enron.com	16406	null	null
majalinda@hotmail.com	16407	null	null
alyssa300@hotmail.com	16408	null	null
betty.hung@gs.com	16409	null	null
shari.thompson@enron.com	16410	null	null
fxskg2rix4vr@hotmail.com	16411	null	null
mmeyers@kptv.com	16412	null	null
carol.short@enron.com	16413	null	null
bettye.langham@juno.com	16414	null	null
bettye.langham@excite.com	16414	null	null
cddudley@aep.com	16415	null	null
steve.swain@enron.com	16416	null	null
suzanne.mimocks@mckinsey.com	16417	null	null
lbennett@aegisww.com	16418	null	null
kleta_kg@hotmail.com	16419	null	null
twhite@enron.com	16420	null	null
wthom25746@aol.com	16421	null	null
clickrewards.6vvwd9jv.t@news.clickrewards.com	16422	null	null
shrutigandhi_gupta@yahoo.com	16423	null	null
fredrickson.tim@enron.com	16424	null	null
diggs@ppg.com	16425	null	null
r-allen.bryson@usa.conoco.com	16426	null	null
kbristor@skaddan.com	16427	null	null
kbristor@skadden.com	16427	null	null
sonnen@haas.berkeley.edu	16428	null	null
aalmazan@mail.utexas.edu	16429	null	null
michael.barber@enron.com	16430	null	null
vessels.tom@enron.com	16431	null	null
guelaguetza@club.lemonde.fr	16432	null	null
all.corp@enron.com	16433	null	null
louise.andy@enron.com	16434	null	null
dexter@intelligencepress.com	16435	null	null
jlroberts@cmsenergy.com	16436	null	null
mick-dean_gross@frankel.com	16437	null	null
mklein@flgas.com	16438	null	null
maokotani@aol.com	16439	null	null
csandick@velaw.com	16440	null	null
francielou3224@comic.com	16441	null	null
hkrebs@ect.enron.com	16442	null	null
hkrebs@enron.com	16442	null	null
elizabeth.boudreaux@enron.com	16443	null	null
tim.carter@enron.com	16444	null	null
karl.atkins@enron.com	16445	null	null
billtownsend@friedwire.com	16446	null	null
lind.mendy@enron.com	16447	null	null
jennifer.martinez@enron.com	16448	null	null
pfm@cfee.net	16449	null	null
esm17wz5c7@hotmail.com	16450	null	null
joan.woodson@enron.com	16451	null	null
k..mccann@enron.com	16452	null	null
iwon@info.iwon.com	16453	null	null
susan_ralph@eott.com	16454	null	null
susan.ralph@enron.com	16454	null	null
networkcommerce-rcrb20011217@ombramarketing.com	16455	null	null
richard.larsen@effem.com	16456	null	null
ross.koller@enron.com	16457	null	null
c.farley@trade-ranger.com	16458	null	null
atrjknf1cieq@hotmail.com	16459	null	null
welcome-mail1@amazon.com	16460	null	null
howard.russell@gs.com	16461	null	null
dplum@socrates.berkeley.edu	16462	null	null
christianquote-html@emazing.com	16463	null	null
micael.shea@email.moore.com	16464	null	null
hg7355422@daum.com	16465	null	null
vince.jones@the-boss.com	16466	null	null
bass.k.@enron.com	16467	null	null
bass'.'k.@enron.com	16467	null	null
keenonc@yahoo.com	16468	null	null
rdaugbjerg@aol.com	16469	null	null
keith.bowie@enron.com	16470	null	null
drhatte@ppco.com	16471	null	null
janet691@swan.ac.uk	16472	null	null
mld@nwnatural.com	16473	null	null
foundation@ticonderoga.com	16474	null	null
aneela.charonia@enron.com	16475	null	null
ipay.debt-return-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-296@mta04.optamail.com	16476	null	null
aldis.russell@aesmail.com	16477	null	null
donna.greif@enron.com	16478	null	null
kiwi471@hotmail.com	16479	null	null
circuitcity.com_031465@circuitcity.customer-email.com	16480	null	null
harryh@planetaccess.com	16481	null	null
kelly.johnson@enron.com	16482	null	null
alemant@epenergy.com	16483	null	null
kyle.berryman@enron.com	16484	null	null
nco1@pge.com	16485	null	null
laurajjohn@hotmail.com	16486	null	null
arbour@enron.com	16487	null	null
chris.herron@enron.com	16488	null	null
faretracker_005327@faretracker.expedia.customer-email.com	16489	null	null
hayt2@uol.com.co	16490	null	null
lisa.a.meador@chase.com	16491	null	null
fsnyder@bear.com	16492	null	null
brad.king@usa.conoco.com	16493	null	null
brad.king@conoco.com	16493	null	null
cdavid@wexford.com	16494	null	null
lkunkel@trigon-sheehan.com	16495	null	null
dune.thorne@oracle.com	16496	null	null
d..thorne@enron.com	16496	null	null
1800flowers.234774262@s2u2.com	16497	null	null
ivoyg@post.cz	16498	null	null
malsup@luminant.com	16499	null	null
sandmanp@bsci.com	16500	null	null
toyia.johnson@ferc.fed.us	16501	null	null
jon.lewis@enron.com	16502	null	null
lchildress@nisource.com	16503	null	null
antoinetteml@yahoo.com	16504	null	null
carin.nersesian@enron.com	16505	null	null
jim.tucker@enron.com	16506	null	null
greg.whalley@enron.com	16507	null	null
hunt.chris@enron.com	16508	null	null
mike.hernandez@enron.com	16509	null	null
w..moody@enron.com	16510	null	null
doug_linebarger@i2.com	16511	null	null
ricky.dang@enron.com	16512	null	null
yapitel2@oceanfree.net	16513	null	null
raj.vaswani@kiodex.com	16514	null	null
mark.kostinec@enron.com	16515	null	null
pammyone1@hotmail.com	16516	null	null
peter.scantalides@aspentech.com	16517	null	null
twhiteman@austin.rr.com	16518	null	null
adelligatti@brobeck.com	16519	null	null
newgen@platts.com	16520	null	null
ndottenb@ucalgary.ca	16521	null	null
wjwilliams3@hotmail.com	16522	null	null
jaisinghani@enron.com	16523	null	null
rgliving@southernco.com	16524	null	null
ar29@hotmail.com	16525	null	null
rb112@columbia.edu	16526	null	null
barbara.cook@enron.com	16527	null	null
jeffrey.c.gossett@enron.com	16528	null	null
fap@management.wharton.upenn.edu	16529	null	null
houda@enron.com	16530	null	null
michael.mousteiko@enron.com	16531	null	null
brittab@infocastinc.com	16532	null	null
brittab@informationforecast.com	16532	null	null
ketchek@bp.com	16533	null	null
shawne@harmony.com	16534	null	null
willstar@haas.berkeley.edu	16535	null	null
hughes.david@enron.com	16536	null	null
sarah.butt@enron.com	16537	null	null
gbrector@mindspring.com	16538	null	null
thomas.a.martin@enron.com	16539	null	null
alibris@alibris.rsc01.com	16540	null	null
petual.jeanmard@enron.com	16541	null	null
bobjohnson@peoplepc.com	16542	null	null
cr09@enron.com	16543	null	null
bartonbarile113@cutey.com	16544	null	null
david.stewart@exeloncorp.com	16545	null	null
rob.cole@enron.com	16546	null	null
zshxvguuvv@ever2.beontarget.com	16547	null	null
bboeh@opic.gov	16548	null	null
marshall.eubank@enron.com	16549	null	null
michael.cyrus@cinergy.com	16550	null	null
tthoman@aga.org	16551	null	null
zionette.vincent@enron.com	16552	null	null
barry.schnapper@enron.com	16553	null	null
aglet@well.com	16554	null	null
michael.indivero@enron.com	16555	null	null
ktruscitti@hotmail.com	16556	null	null
dan.luciano@enron.com	16557	null	null
registrynews@theknot.com	16558	null	null
scarbeko@entropia.com.pl	16559	null	null
20355-5010@williams.com	16560	null	null
long_nguyen@webex.com	16561	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5397219-5373984-akq201gg@tumble2.datek.com	16562	null	null
leonardo_dicaprio1@123india.com	16563	null	null
shauywn.smith@enron.com	16564	null	null
mark.dreyfrus@austinenergy.com	16565	null	null
jim.sutherland@enron.com	16566	null	null
sf.group@enron.com	16567	null	null
jdesouza@royallepage2.com	16568	null	null
devine@ssprd2.net	16569	null	null
pbray@newpower.com	16570	null	null
tqueen@eei.org	16571	null	null
espnnews_gen2@espn.go.com	16572	null	null
skimmel@iexalt.net	16573	null	null
jnscholtes@aol.com	16574	null	null
erun@webaccess.net	16575	null	null
steve.herman@neg.pge.com	16576	null	null
jeos@dynegy.com	16577	null	null
ejenkins@kelleydrye.com	16578	null	null
jmunoz@mcnallytemple.com	16579	null	null
christopher.bartlett@enron.com	16580	null	null
cdorland.hba1997@ivey.ca	16581	null	null
documents.577550.3461.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	16582	null	null
brett.schulick@enron.com	16583	null	null
mark.delainey@enron.com	16584	null	null
james.brennan@ubsw.com	16585	null	null
steve.duffy@enron.com	16586	null	null
steve_duffy@eott.com	16586	null	null
iexpect.10@reply.pm0.net	16587	null	null
iexpect.10@lists.postmastergeneral.com	16587	null	null
james.keeble@enron.com	16588	null	null
tatsumi.takahiro@enron.com	16589	null	null
lgang@enron.com	16590	null	null
candacen@focusgroup.net	16591	null	null
amanda.keiser@prostaff.com	16592	null	null
irma.alvarez@enron.com	16593	null	null
dibu@dynegy.com	16594	null	null
clientservices.221@anntaylor.ed10.net	16595	null	null
clientservices@anntaylor.com	16595	null	null
brion@enron.com	16596	null	null
byrd.sandy@enron.com	16597	null	null
ron.beidelman@enron.com	16598	null	null
saceves@att.net	16599	null	null
vince.jenkins@bsac.com	16600	null	null
neil.tarling@enron.com	16601	null	null
lisa_clifford@i2.com	16602	null	null
wciml@overkill.itl.net.ua	16603	null	null
leff.johnson@ss.ps	16604	null	null
www.discovery@cmconline.com	16605	null	null
helpdesk.hottap@enron.com	16606	null	null
nadine.costanzo@enron.com	16607	null	null
cae8304@mail.paccd.cc.ca.us	16608	null	null
janette.j.mcclintock@bhpbilliton.com	16609	null	null
richard.connor@enron.com	16610	null	null
chris.loehr@enron.com	16611	null	null
mossyuk@hotmail.com	16612	null	null
stephen.friedlander@enron.com	16613	null	null
ned.higgins@enron.com	16614	null	null
steve.flynn@disney.com	16615	null	null
todagost@utmb.edu	16616	null	null
iz.wong@enron.com	16617	null	null
jtrieglaff@westernseminary.edu	16618	null	null
bacohen@rcn.com	16619	null	null
poetry.com@opt22.edirectnetwork.net	16620	null	null
carrigan34@deseretmail.com	16621	null	null
csawyer@westerngas.com	16622	null	null
ms@skyradionet.com	16623	null	null
fpickel@tca-us.com	16624	null	null
janc33@aol.com	16625	null	null
porqy44@uol.com.ve	16626	null	null
erica.braden@enron.com	16627	null	null
richard.vaughan@elpaso.com	16628	null	null
fino.tiberi@enron.com	16629	null	null
alvapettit@enron.com	16630	null	null
andre.cangucu@enron.com	16631	null	null
helenepricefredrickson@compuserve.com	16632	null	null
beau_rivage.um.a.17.45@waterfall.mgmmirage.net	16633	null	null
lobbyist'.'scott@enron.com	16634	null	null
dft1@pge.com	16635	null	null
6.1266.d3-4eyh_sft6b-bxrrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	16636	null	null
hbm@wanadoo.fr	16637	null	null
mmartin@caiso.com	16638	null	null
drmlgerlach@aol.com	16639	null	null
bwitmer@cabotlng.com	16640	null	null
michael.bilberry@enron.com	16641	null	null
-nikole@excite.com	16642	null	null
tgoudie@hesco.org	16643	null	null
azipper@enron.com	16644	null	null
mcnair@enron.com	16645	null	null
d.olson@bigfoot.com	16646	null	null
mark.golden@dowjones.com	16647	null	null
audryn@mindspring.com	16648	null	null
gblock@ccemtl.org	16649	null	null
jilld@cnrl.com	16650	null	null
usatoday1430@hotmail.kg	16651	null	null
krb4@pge.com	16652	null	null
julieirish@earthlink.net	16653	null	null
anitatr@earthlink.net	16654	null	null
paulg@stpaul.lib.mn.us	16655	null	null
zarate.italo@enron.com	16656	null	null
paul.bromley@enron.com	16657	null	null
garcia5mk@enron.com	16658	null	null
naman.bj@enron.com	16659	null	null
barowitz.kitty@enron.com	16660	null	null
sebastian.corbacho@enron.com	16661	null	null
e201b-2@haas.berkeley.edu	16662	null	null
ladean@uts.cc.utexas.edu	16663	null	null
george.rahal@acnpower.com	16664	null	null
energyinsight@spector.ftenergy.com	16665	null	null
computerclub@teamfreeze.com	16666	null	null
stalento@bear.com	16667	null	null
lau.constantine@enron.com	16668	null	null
12-jribnick@interchange-energy.com	16669	null	null
jribnick@interchange-energy.com	16669	null	null
william.sellers@wright.edu	16670	null	null
laura.howenstine@enron.com	16671	null	null
laura_howenstine@enron.net	16671	null	null
john_stevens@alohastate.net	16672	null	null
bill.bell@enron.com	16673	null	null
david.cromley@enron.com	16674	null	null
jfleming@ruf.rice.edu	16675	null	null
jfleming@rice.edu	16675	null	null
nonagardner@edmail.com	16676	null	null
louis.allen@enron.com	16677	null	null
smartin@steelhector.com	16678	null	null
tidwellgreer@bfusa.com	16679	null	null
xpollard@richardfreemanco.com	16680	null	null
joyce.kuo@enron.com	16681	null	null
dmwinick@aol.com	16682	null	null
stevepottier@home.com	16683	null	null
croach@bostonpacific.com	16684	null	null
transcoords@mapp.org	16685	null	null
jeff.sommers@enron.com	16686	null	null
george.thomas@enron.com	16687	null	null
kingwoodcove.golf@ourclub.com	16688	null	null
kingwoodcove@ttimeonline.com	16688	null	null
lleonard@houston.rr.com	16689	null	null
vburgs@webtv.net	16690	null	null
rlopezv@lvha.com.mx	16691	null	null
oscar.soto@mirant.com	16692	null	null
sachin.joshi@csfb.com	16693	null	null
raesluv@datavoice.co.za	16694	null	null
xtnd@enron.com	16695	null	null
darran.binns@enron.com	16696	null	null
george.mccormick@enron.com	16697	null	null
mccormick@elkus-manfredi.com	16697	null	null
arao@haas.berkeley.edu	16698	null	null
lyn.handlin@txu.com	16699	null	null
hcameron@uclink.berkeley.edu	16700	null	null
c.j.barrera@usa.conoco.com	16701	null	null
casisa@enron.com	16702	null	null
chrysti.hardy@enron.com	16703	null	null
alan.sides@ps.ge.com	16704	null	null
cdahl@sos.net	16705	null	null
bneff@houston.rr.com	16706	null	null
mesko@pbworld.com	16707	null	null
eric.naranjo@enron.com	16708	null	null
ann.p.cunningham@bge.com	16709	null	null
jmstephens@amherst.edu	16710	null	null
jhemmerly@socalgas.com	16711	null	null
acv13@juno.com	16712	null	null
mho@bayou.uh.edu	16713	null	null
a..schroeder@enron.com	16714	null	null
350599.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	16715	null	null
gjkloss@mooringsnet.com	16716	null	null
a.martin2@azurix.com	16717	null	null
lissa.rosenthal@csfb.com	16718	null	null
rosenthal@enron.com	16718	null	null
rosenthal@heaneyrosenthal.com	16718	null	null
bob.camp@enron.com	16719	null	null
marino.monardi@pse.com	16720	null	null
scott.a.monson@enron.com	16721	null	null
scott.monson@enron.com	16721	null	null
cresencia.alvarado@enron.com	16722	null	null
veronica.lewis@enron.com	16723	null	null
phil2dogs@aol.com	16724	null	null
stephen.miller@enron.com	16725	null	null
mw-wod@listserv.webster.m-w.com	16726	null	null
roger.g.leworthy@enron.com	16727	null	null
'81.john@enron.com	16728	null	null
skjent127@aol.com	16729	null	null
mary.kimball@enron.com	16730	null	null
richard.priska@enron.com	16731	null	null
rroberts@steptoe.com	16732	null	null
susan.wadle@enron.com	16733	null	null
remove@pyropictures.com	16734	null	null
mlay@enron.com	16735	null	null
rrlee@bizserve.com	16736	null	null
cabello@enron.com	16737	null	null
sarah.tomalty@dynegy.com	16738	null	null
dmin@houstontech.org	16739	null	null
michael.walters@enron.com	16740	null	null
lea.savala@enron.com	16741	null	null
julieta.sandoval@ubspainewebber.com	16742	null	null
jking100@aol.com	16743	null	null
melba.trevino@enron.com	16744	null	null
cneal@pppglobal.com	16745	null	null
cneal@bc-arch.com	16745	null	null
cneal@bluegate.com	16745	null	null
e14404@mail.yahoo.co.jp	16746	null	null
lydia.cannon@enron.com	16747	null	null
nwapromo@nwa.com	16748	null	null
nwapromo@j1xrws07.nwa.com	16748	null	null
nwapromo@j1xrws08.nwa.com	16748	null	null
panoutsakos@yahoo.com	16749	null	null
juanita.andrade@enron.com	16750	null	null
newland.kody@enron.com	16751	null	null
crmesser@bostongas.com	16752	null	null
lmarsters@fortbend.k12.tx.us	16753	null	null
patti99@hotmail.com	16754	null	null
scott.williamson@enron.com	16755	null	null
seung-taek.oh@enron.com	16756	null	null
taek.oh@enron.com	16756	null	null
oqegldxeiz@yes1.asapmailinfo.com	16757	null	null
badams@geraldmartin.com	16758	null	null
badams@compassnet.com	16758	null	null
lynnh.g.dahlberg@williams.com	16759	null	null
roger_yang@enron.com	16760	null	null
roger.yang@enron.com	16760	null	null
cjmudd@enron.com	16761	null	null
kbell@edisonmission.com	16762	null	null
apride@entergy.com	16763	null	null
wayne.gresham@enron.com	16764	null	null
sperrien@taggartmorton.com	16765	null	null
m..presto@enron.com	16766	null	null
m.'.'presto@enron.com	16766	null	null
ruby.kyser@enron.com	16767	null	null
tx062m@mail.md	16768	null	null
denise.furey@enron.com	16769	null	null
geoffrey.allen@enron.com	16770	null	null
esantos@baylbny.com	16771	null	null
ourternrbb@aol.com	16772	null	null
enrique.velasco@elpaso.com	16773	null	null
velasco@enron.com	16773	null	null
jvaughn@enervestdgo.com	16774	null	null
ak1992@yahoo.com	16775	null	null
aschott1976@cs.com	16776	null	null
todd.callaway@enron.com	16777	null	null
jon.martin@elpaso.com	16778	null	null
crider2@csc.com	16779	null	null
wrightj.legal@epenergy.com	16780	null	null
mbuckley@brunswickgroup.com	16781	null	null
allstudents@howard.edu	16782	null	null
sylviakilian@aol.com	16783	null	null
dsjmorris@e-seis.com	16784	null	null
william.lewis@enron.com	16785	null	null
energyforum@listserv.rice.edu	16786	null	null
lbarton@hesinet.com	16787	null	null
mparson1@oncorgroup.com	16788	null	null
pevans@mv.catalytica-inc.com	16789	null	null
sarah_allen@pancanadianenergy.com	16790	null	null
joanne.smith@enron.com	16791	null	null
bruce.mills@enron.com	16792	null	null
saabson@yahoo.com	16793	null	null
jane_bet_1@yahoo.com	16794	null	null
michael.cherry@enform.com	16795	null	null
michael.cherry@enron.com	16795	null	null
barbara.gray@enron.com	16796	null	null
advadv@ruraltel.net	16797	null	null
trevor.randolph@enron.com	16798	null	null
vvzz6792@flashmail.com	16799	null	null
heather.purcell@enron.com	16800	null	null
sean.maki@enron.com	16801	null	null
carla.wilder@enron.com	16802	null	null
wilder@eatonandcottrell.com	16802	null	null
julie.sarnowski@enron.com	16803	null	null
msngamingzone_032565@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	16804	null	null
tracey.tripp@enron.com	16805	null	null
'tripp@enron.com	16805	null	null
tracey.tripp@prodigy.net	16805	null	null
randy.curry@bhlp.com	16806	null	null
67vr586v56v7@msn.com	16807	null	null
cochrane.norm@enron.com	16808	null	null
themphill@teppco.com	16809	null	null
schenck@hesinet.com	16810	null	null
tom.daren@enron.com	16811	null	null
heidi.dubose@enron.com	16812	null	null
melanie.hunter@neg.pge.com	16813	null	null
peter_dalstrom@mckinsey.com	16814	null	null
cathy_bates@enron.net	16815	null	null
sports-fantasy-replies@yahoo-inc.com	16816	null	null
market_alert@listserv.dowjones.com	16817	null	null
onservice@telus.net	16818	null	null
sarah_m_vargas@hotmail.com	16819	null	null
norma.yeverino@enron.com	16820	null	null
gamblingtimes@casinoincentives.com	16821	null	null
ridgway@concentric.net	16822	null	null
todd.bowen@enron.com	16823	null	null
hkh@michaelrosenfeldart.com	16824	null	null
hkh@michaelrosenfeldglry.com	16824	null	null
twetzel@thermoecotek.com	16825	null	null
enrontest_update@concureworkplace.com	16826	null	null
hester@flash.net	16827	null	null
mmclark@aep.com	16828	null	null
matt_stephenson@pancanadianenergy.com	16829	null	null
melissa.beckett@entergykoch.com	16830	null	null
b-merkin@nwu.edu	16831	null	null
qchen1@tulane.edu	16832	null	null
aunt@enron.com	16833	null	null
aysu90@hotmail.com	16834	null	null
csweetland@gibbs-bruns.com	16835	null	null
jstabell@merlonpet.com	16836	null	null
slurpit69@mailman.enron.com	16837	null	null
f62489	16838	null	null
1.11176403.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	16839	null	null
1.11176403.999@multexinvestornetwork.com	16839	null	null
1.11176403.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	16839	null	null
stephen.c.hughes@verizon.com	16840	null	null
avs@enron.com	16841	null	null
deanekman@email.msn.com	16842	null	null
george.posey@enron.com	16843	null	null
marissa.stipa@enron.com	16844	null	null
vy39nrvrkiejt@hotmail.com	16845	null	null
buddy.majorwitz@enron.com	16846	null	null
erwin.chet@enron.com	16847	null	null
bill.frasier@enron.com	16848	null	null
kamarlantes@calpx.com	16849	null	null
ron.m.mucci@williams.com	16850	null	null
jbates@tristategt.org	16851	null	null
sterling_koch@transalta.com	16852	null	null
pschoenemann@houston.rr.com	16853	null	null
hughray@akllp.com	16854	null	null
john.wack@enron.com	16855	null	null
ress.young@enron.com	16856	null	null
christinestokes@hotmail.com	16857	null	null
gail.hill@enron.com	16858	null	null
d'hulster.katia@enron.com	16859	null	null
rachael.adams@enron.com	16860	null	null
jontopolski@msn.com	16861	null	null
optinlist@oniken.com	16862	null	null
optinlist@opt-inworld-2.com	16862	null	null
simon.burgess@enron.com	16863	null	null
balbergo@keyspanenergy.com	16864	null	null
mary_ellen_coombe@eott.com	16865	null	null
mickey@enron.com	16866	null	null
jennifer.mesirow@neg.pge.com	16867	null	null
mesirow@enron.com	16867	null	null
skush@swbell.net	16868	null	null
surf@isb.paknet.com.pk	16869	null	null
nick.o'day@enron.com	16870	null	null
gas_rebate@customoffers.com	16871	null	null
jashford@jashford.com	16872	null	null
utku.gulmeden@enron.com	16873	null	null
gra@enron.com	16874	null	null
jcotner@gibbs-brun.com	16875	null	null
jcotner@gibbs_brun.com	16875	null	null
jcotner@gibbs-bruns.com	16875	null	null
steve.tarter@enron.com	16876	null	null
steven.luong@enron.com	16877	null	null
steven.luong@bus.utexas.edu	16877	null	null
gmausser@houston.rr.com	16878	null	null
john.zurita@enron.com	16879	null	null
tlynchmob@earthlink.net	16880	null	null
shawn.macphail@enron.com	16881	null	null
ews-cct@enron.com	16882	null	null
dkinney@columbiaenergygroup.com	16883	null	null
dkinney@ceg.com	16883	null	null
evan.hughes@enron.com	16884	null	null
j.pokorny@pecorp.com	16885	null	null
petrello.cindy@enron.com	16886	null	null
john'.'shelk@enron.com	16887	null	null
john.shelk@enron.com	16887	null	null
jim.willis@enron.com	16888	null	null
pugezmum@aol.com	16889	null	null
kpeterso@epelectric.com	16890	null	null
eileen.farrell@piperrudnick.com	16891	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.251@vremail.com	16892	null	null
jackie.henry@enron.com	16893	null	null
rcjosephson@stoel.com	16894	null	null
rjskipwjr@aol.com	16895	null	null
mary.gopalan@enron.com	16896	null	null
skennedy@houston.rr.com	16897	null	null
scody@acplasticsinc.com	16898	null	null
kontko@home.com	16899	null	null
eduardo.robles@enron.com	16900	null	null
jweiss@comfortsystemsusa.com	16901	null	null
yolanda.martinez@enron.com	16902	null	null
lockwoodj@anser.org	16903	null	null
karon.o'gorman@enron.com	16904	null	null
coleman.brown@enron.com	16905	null	null
robin.hosea@enron.com	16906	null	null
orjan.agdesteen@enron.com	16907	null	null
jsmollon@newwestenergy.com	16908	null	null
7ppf10qyhel@msn.com	16909	null	null
steve.terraso@enron.com	16910	null	null
kevin.jeff@enron.com	16911	null	null
product.houston@enron.com	16912	null	null
houston.product@enron.com	16912	null	null
msngamingzone_029984@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	16913	null	null
boylston@stoel.com	16914	null	null
curtis.bunting@enron.com	16915	null	null
r-help@r-project.org	16916	null	null
r-help@stat.math.ethz.ch	16916	null	null
r-help@lists.r-project.org	16916	null	null
vikki.gates@scgo.com	16917	null	null
ateshoppers@raisrv2.rainet.ne.jp	16918	null	null
sandy.chen@enron.com	16919	null	null
davik@kkr.com	16920	null	null
mariamarcelle@hotmail.com	16921	null	null
kckrisa@apex2000.net	16922	null	null
kckrisa@worldnet.att.net	16922	null	null
j3ng@aol.com	16923	null	null
smith.day@enron.com	16924	null	null
ericatollefson@yahoo.com	16925	null	null
judy.zoch@enron.com	16926	null	null
alerts-finance@yahoo-inc.com	16927	null	null
mcneillyd@aol.com	16928	null	null
sdleonard@earthlink.net	16929	null	null
newcust1@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	16930	null	null
kdillard@flash.net	16931	null	null
tawnyrachell@computron.net	16932	null	null
rachel.steffens@ipgdirect.com	16933	null	null
steffens@dteenergy.com	16933	null	null
00968708221.fax@hoegh.no	16934	null	null
landrade@svmg.org	16935	null	null
savoycap@msn.com	16936	null	null
savoycap@email.msn.com	16936	null	null
leadersreaktkhrough.	16937	null	null
michael.wilks@enron.com	16938	null	null
tim.nash@enron.com	16939	null	null
lloyd.dickerson@enron.com	16940	null	null
newspicks@mail-relay.eunet.se	16941	null	null
martyjo.rogers@entergykoch.com	16942	null	null
martyjo.rogers@axiaenergy.com	16942	null	null
aye.ellis@enron.com	16943	null	null
rgcurry@mihc.com.mx	16944	null	null
ribert_proffitt@kindermorgan.com	16945	null	null
r-1-56294-3320671-2-2130-us2-846eed9b@xmr3.com	16946	null	null
weekly_research@frstrelay001.forrester.com	16947	null	null
research@datek2.m0.net	16947	null	null
woodtips@augusthome.com	16948	null	null
moe.barbarawi@enron.com	16949	null	null
todd.richards@enron.com	16950	null	null
michael.britt@constellation.com	16951	null	null
michael.britt@constellaion.com	16951	null	null
mailings@cnn.com	16952	null	null
sallymc11@aol.com	16953	null	null
maggie.ortiz@enron.com	16954	null	null
maggie@nlstudio.com	16954	null	null
robert.scheuer@enron.com	16955	null	null
denos@enron.com	16956	null	null
smahana@enron.com	16957	null	null
do_not_reply@internet-we.net	16958	null	null
bwittmeyer@pcenergy.com	16959	null	null
jfugzjavhbrtcsyl@yahoo.com	16960	null	null
sandy.haldeman@enron.com	16961	null	null
wanda.curry@enron.com	16962	null	null
cgkao@mtholyoke.edu	16963	null	null
dcrnyc@aol.com	16964	null	null
zeljko.kecman@us.arthurandersen.com	16965	null	null
b2oaaideaob@bigfoot.com	16966	null	null
mbaldwin@igservice.com	16967	null	null
mbaldwin@igservices.com	16967	null	null
wreinke@serc1.org	16968	null	null
3973996@skytel.com	16969	null	null
michael.gerosimo@lehman.com	16970	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide@enron.com	16971	null	null
ben.erwin@enron.com	16972	null	null
annie.page@reliant.com	16973	null	null
annie@casa-de-clarke.com	16973	null	null
adminstrator@houstontech.org	16974	null	null
petegohm@aol.com	16975	null	null
ttoerner@reliant.com	16976	null	null
paul.lewis@enron.com	16977	null	null
mattd51@juno.com	16978	null	null
mmorales@arnel.com	16979	null	null
drapp@juno.com	16980	null	null
dried@oppd.com	16981	null	null
o30o3tto30o3@yahoo.com	16982	null	null
aggie74@swbell.com	16983	null	null
sylvia.martinez@enron.com	16984	null	null
albergor@haynesboone.com	16985	null	null
britt.whitman@enron.com	16986	null	null
bnblack@duke-energy.com	16987	null	null
dasovich.nancy@enron.com	16988	null	null
dasovich.nancy@gene.com	16988	null	null
domingo.drakes@enron.com	16989	null	null
margaret.carson@enron.com	16990	null	null
gastrader0312@cs.com	16991	null	null
dan.zastawny@ngx.com	16992	null	null
thomas.patton@doj.state.or.us	16993	null	null
eboon@thlee.com	16994	null	null
zoe.ayliffe@terrapinn.com	16995	null	null
crharding@aep.com	16996	null	null
support.dl-eol@enron.com	16997	null	null
klee3208@yahoo.com	16998	null	null
donbratcher@msn.com	16999	null	null
jdicola@google.com	17000	null	null
mlaurann@hotmail.com	17001	null	null
bg8862@aol.com	17002	null	null
vincent.tennariello@pseg.com	17003	null	null
ademulling@fraserstryker.com	17004	null	null
beth.jensen@enron.com	17005	null	null
marleneg@talkmatch.com	17006	null	null
mrkrd@aol.com	17007	null	null
bertoady@hotmail.com	17008	null	null
bngas@earthlink.net	17009	null	null
valeria.i.stone@exxon.sprint.com	17010	null	null
elizabeth.rivera@enron.com	17011	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_050101@airmail.continental.com	17012	null	null
bnrfjo@msn.com	17013	null	null
pinkyscout@yahoo.com	17014	null	null
kparker@kslaw.com	17015	null	null
6.756.b4-ajlbrgaeimh3drqpu0pauf8iokfr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	17016	null	null
brad.banky@cinergy.com	17017	null	null
j..heinitz@enron.com	17018	null	null
rose.botello@enron.com	17019	null	null
bart_jones@transalta.com	17020	null	null
david.fossum@enron.com	17021	null	null
snsbd7@aol.com	17022	null	null
craig_shackleton@amat.com	17023	null	null
melissacreations@aol.com	17024	null	null
bmiimarket@eudoramail.com	17025	null	null
ansalon@houston.rr.com	17026	null	null
sunitha.kongara@enron.com	17027	null	null
jennifer.maley@ourclub.com	17028	null	null
edhearst@earthlink.net	17029	null	null
team.laguna@enron.com	17030	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.62670@joinmail.ccbn.com	17031	null	null
guessingkeep@hotmail.com	17032	null	null
bob.butts@enron.com	17033	null	null
l.foust@enron.com	17034	null	null
judyaspen@aol.com	17035	null	null
team.flagstaff-sta2@enron.com	17036	null	null
geolippman@aol.com	17037	null	null
jmatay@talkmatch.com	17038	null	null
jim.dowden@enron.com	17039	null	null
dean.mccallister@enron.com	17040	null	null
cms.router@enron.com	17041	null	null
charlesshen8@yahoo.com	17042	null	null
cew@sportslynx.com	17043	null	null
alexander.eydeland@mirant.com	17044	null	null
nieves.soto@enron.com	17045	null	null
kirk.stevens@enron.com	17046	null	null
kirk_stevens@pgn.com	17046	null	null
ng_weekly_storage@tonto.eia.doe.gov	17047	null	null
storage@bdcimail.com	17047	null	null
melissa.little@csfb.com	17048	null	null
operating.committee@enron.com	17049	null	null
pilar.espinosa@gemmc.ge.com	17050	null	null
andrew.parsons@enron.com	17051	null	null
pavenditti@yahoo.com	17052	null	null
significant.events@enron.com	17053	null	null
pragsdale@ypcnm.com	17054	null	null
hoot61@yahoo.com	17055	null	null
figueroa@math.gatech.edu	17056	null	null
john-meyer@reliantenergy.com	17057	null	null
ees.group@enron.com	17058	null	null
rylanderj@home.com	17059	null	null
ibarreto@caem.org	17060	null	null
ethanr@mindspring.com	17061	null	null
rso2@ercot.com	17062	null	null
lrj@maininc.org	17063	null	null
dl-ga-canada_enrondirect_calgary@enron.com	17064	null	null
dl-ga-canada_calgary@enron.com	17064	null	null
kduffy@pcola.gulf.net	17065	null	null
ihkijaepzx@superemailservice.com	17066	null	null
brownmic@coned.com	17067	null	null
mark.patterson@enron.com	17068	null	null
sammie@msn.com	17069	null	null
.'trina@enron.com	17070	null	null
trina@enron.com	17070	null	null
emily.ferguson@enron.com	17071	null	null
karen.boehnke@enron.com	17072	null	null
mafullerton@westernhubs.com	17073	null	null
igo.ue.s6630.m15249390@ixs1.net	17074	null	null
dave.wei@enron.com	17075	null	null
jskoog_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	17076	null	null
christopher.pushaw@yale.edu	17077	null	null
rajesh.chettiar@enron.com	17078	null	null
michael.benien@enron.com	17079	null	null
jfbosu@hotmail.com	17080	null	null
nunn@enron.com	17081	null	null
hhaltom@andrews-kurth.com	17082	null	null
joao.paixao@enron.com	17083	null	null
robert_knebel@hp.com	17084	null	null
tqk@yahoo.com	17085	null	null
wilhemlc@pennie.com	17086	null	null
annedavidson@ca.slr.com	17087	null	null
annedavidson@ca.sir.com	17087	null	null
annswalton@hotmail.com	17088	null	null
dick.westfahl@enron.com	17089	null	null
jclaffey@brwncald.com	17090	null	null
gkoutani@aol.com	17091	null	null
adarsh.vakharia@enron.com	17092	null	null
luckyfares.se@icelandair.is	17093	null	null
specialoffers@iexpect.com	17094	null	null
specialoffers@stoneage.com	17094	null	null
klaus.obel@enron.com	17095	null	null
aspring@epsa.org	17096	null	null
dkeller@edisonmission.com	17097	null	null
rubelik@kochind.com	17098	null	null
dbump@ect.enron.com	17099	null	null
dbump@kmg.com	17099	null	null
dbump@enron.com	17099	null	null
leave-htmlnews-2508405s@lists.autoweb.com	17100	null	null
stephanie.cody@enron.com	17101	null	null
janice.priddy@enron.com	17102	null	null
bob708@sudanmail.com	17103	null	null
yvette.pinero@enron.com	17104	null	null
mark.dickin@enron.com	17105	null	null
dreammates@mediatrec.roi1.net	17106	null	null
agiglia@sempratrading.com	17107	null	null
pbrice7661@aol.com	17108	null	null
henry.safety@enron.com	17109	null	null
vann_thi@yahoo.com	17110	null	null
john.paskin@enron.com	17111	null	null
charlie.yuan@enron.com	17112	null	null
enron_united.states@enron.com	17113	null	null
pat.scarborough@enron.com	17114	null	null
jennifer.k.dickinson@usa.conoco.com	17115	null	null
lee.jackson@enron.com	17116	null	null
shuebox@u.washington.edu	17117	null	null
shenso@coair.com	17118	null	null
rfitzgerald@iirltd.co.uk	17119	null	null
fariha.haque@enron.com	17120	null	null
chali.zulu@enron.com	17121	null	null
engagingnews@news.weddingchannel.com	17122	null	null
4254.337@compuserve.com	17123	null	null
jkemiller@msn.com	17124	null	null
sanjeev.khanna@enron.com	17125	null	null
sanjeev.khanna@et.pge.com	17125	null	null
alexanderson'.'al@enron.com	17126	null	null
al_alexanderson@pgn.com	17126	null	null
al.alexanderson@enron.com	17126	null	null
alexanderson.al@enron.com	17126	null	null
iepa@iepa.com	17127	null	null
dbmcvick@srpnet.com	17128	null	null
jspiers@aklp.com	17129	null	null
alice.hritz@enron.com	17130	null	null
lyndaw@mediaweavers.com	17131	null	null
kfijxttaxk@mail2.emediatemail.com	17132	null	null
friedman@hugheshubbard.com	17133	null	null
robert.bailey@enron.com	17134	null	null
adeleon@lionforce.com	17135	null	null
steve.c.lengkeekjr@conectiv.com	17136	null	null
rfinfrock@finfrock.cc	17137	null	null
johnaa@pdq.net	17138	null	null
ddd@teamlead.com	17139	null	null
loughran3@netscape.net	17140	null	null
wlangehennig@trammellcrow.com	17141	null	null
marc.pana@enron.com	17142	null	null
troy'.'brothers@enron.com	17143	null	null
efitts@webtv.net	17144	null	null
deltamemberslist@lists.deltavacations.com	17145	null	null
mike.coleman@enron.com	17146	null	null
jdmiller@petro-canada.ca	17147	null	null
hkroll@ect.enron.com	17148	null	null
tlenhart@coreatly.com	17149	null	null
tlenhart@corealty.com	17149	null	null
teppco@duke-energy.com	17150	null	null
themailpros@bellsouth.net	17151	null	null
ccm429@compuserve.com	17152	null	null
brodeur@enron.com	17153	null	null
jeffrey.ball@csfb.com	17154	null	null
zeina.el-azzi@enron.com	17155	null	null
robertmun@hotmail.com	17156	null	null
hjunk@hotmail.com	17157	null	null
nkaganow@usaweekend.com	17158	null	null
twise@gasbiz.com	17159	null	null
parthasg@aol.com	17160	null	null
parthasg@enron.com	17160	null	null
wayne.gardner@enron.com	17161	null	null
expediatraveldeals_031033@expedia.customer-email.com	17162	null	null
'helme@enron.com	17163	null	null
gregory.mcintyre@enron.com	17164	null	null
brenda.aggar@enron.com	17165	null	null
dryan@energygateway.com	17166	null	null
fdcare@forddirect.com	17167	null	null
dena.pawlowski@enron.com	17168	null	null
jonathan.w.gottlieb@bakernet.com	17169	null	null
lhusser@aol.com	17170	null	null
wes.kida@williams.com	17171	null	null
jan_kennedy@ci.mesa.az.us	17172	null	null
8140@aol.com	17173	null	null
laurie.knight@enron.com	17174	null	null
timroseknee@earthlink.net	17175	null	null
michael.moore@enron.com	17176	null	null
sheridan.amy@enron.com	17177	null	null
troy.benbow@enron.com	17178	null	null
lois.woodland@enron.com	17179	null	null
judy_maclachlan@transcanada.com	17180	null	null
calyx.corolla@enron.com	17181	null	null
garrick.hill@enron.com	17182	null	null
becky.pham@enron.com	17183	null	null
bass70@aol.com	17184	null	null
greetingcards_confirm@msn.com	17185	null	null
maria.salazar@enron.com	17186	null	null
jjacobs@opltexas.com	17187	null	null
friendsofthemilkeninstitute@milkeninstitute.org	17188	null	null
danhyde@mindspring.com	17189	null	null
slhuss@bpa.gov	17190	null	null
syoung@bracepatt.com	17191	null	null
pjzawada@aep.com	17192	null	null
nuss.theresa@enron.com	17193	null	null
lemmons.jr.@enron.com	17194	null	null
mhazell@coral-energy.com	17195	null	null
anne.beylin@enron.com	17196	null	null
team.dl-enterprise@enron.com	17197	null	null
sbeck9@msn.com	17198	null	null
jmiller79@houston.rr.com	17199	null	null
about-freestuffextra@aboutdirect.com	17200	null	null
huey@haas.berkeley.ed	17201	null	null
huey@haas.berkeley.edu	17201	null	null
cashhorse@ozbytes.net.au	17202	null	null
gay.mayeux@enron.com	17203	null	null
mheffner@carrfut.com	17204	null	null
nxb@allegrodevelopment.com	17205	null	null
researchdialogue@haas.berkeley.edu	17206	null	null
burkett.tim@enron.com	17207	null	null
burkett@petris.com	17207	null	null
jim.kolodgie@enron.com	17208	null	null
kolodgie@enron.com	17208	null	null
schlenker@mailman.enron.com	17209	null	null
jdent@mmcable.com	17210	null	null
cio@update.cio.com	17211	null	null
sbeck2@enron.com	17212	null	null
bob.cummings@nerc.net	17213	null	null
kjones@ect.enron.com	17214	null	null
cecil.stradford@enron.com	17215	null	null
conperdenver@qwest.net	17216	null	null
david.junus@enron.com	17217	null	null
dabmp'.'robert@enron.com	17218	null	null
an.comnes@enron.com	17219	null	null
patti.thompson@enron.com	17220	null	null
onepass_021501@airmail.continental.com	17221	null	null
cheschuk@hotmail.com	17222	null	null
tlbjirmcic@mail2.emediatemail.com	17223	null	null
steve.lewis@ci.seattle.wa.us	17224	null	null
lewis.steve@enron.com	17224	null	null
rakhi.israni@enron.com	17225	null	null
weaver.kristyn@enron.com	17226	null	null
rusty.stevens@enron.com	17227	null	null
tami.jensen@ubsw.com	17228	null	null
ben.porath@oatiinc.com	17229	null	null
john.allison@enron.com	17230	null	null
george.waidelich@enron.com	17231	null	null
lauri.a.allen@enron.com	17232	null	null
lauri.allen@enron.com	17232	null	null
dryan1@houston.rr.com	17233	null	null
pwalls1@epelectric.com	17234	null	null
tpouwels@lexecon.com	17235	null	null
sfszwed@firstenergycorp.com	17236	null	null
loleary@riskwaters.com	17237	null	null
gwilliams@sempra.com	17238	null	null
gwilliams@nyiso.com	17238	null	null
dkean@starband.net	17239	null	null
rbaker2@enron.com	17240	null	null
rbobo@iservco.com	17241	null	null
ross.jonathan@enron.com	17242	null	null
travis_cash@dell.com	17243	null	null
joel.newton@dynegy.com	17244	null	null
nletness@ruf.rice.edu	17245	null	null
nletness@rice.edu	17245	null	null
gisele.braz@enron.com	17246	null	null
vogel.david@enron.com	17247	null	null
prdmarquez@aol.com	17248	null	null
neal.barb@enron.com	17249	null	null
a15431@id.ru	17250	null	null
morten.pettersen@enron.com	17251	null	null
cmontgomery@kmg.com	17252	null	null
imelda.frayre@enron.com	17253	null	null
nobrien@agsk.com	17254	null	null
stefanieverkauf@aol.com	17255	null	null
tapnetusers@travelpark.com	17256	null	null
onch@magic.pmh.on.ca	17257	null	null
cheryl.arnold@enron.com	17258	null	null
cheryl'.'arnold@enron.com	17258	null	null
linda.mcneil@home.com	17259	null	null
roger.tietz@enron.com	17260	null	null
melindau@sover.net	17261	null	null
sara.solorio@enron.com	17262	null	null
jcmayers@earthlink.net	17263	null	null
clayriddle@yahoo.com	17264	null	null
cphaugneland@duke-energy.com	17265	null	null
chelle1911@aol.com	17266	null	null
charrylising@yahoo.com	17267	null	null
charrylising@iname.com	17267	null	null
paul.kaufman@enron.com	17268	null	null
pmelcher@aol.com	17269	null	null
mmer@mathematik.tu-muenchen.de	17270	null	null
cfradin@euromoneyplc.com	17271	null	null
caroline.nugent@enron.com	17272	null	null
infopitsys.pit-internet@socgen.com	17273	null	null
dunkin'.'ann@enron.com	17274	null	null
mgimble@houston.rr.com	17275	null	null
suenord@enron.com	17276	null	null
beverley.ashcroft@enron.com	17277	null	null
hthomas@gspcorp.com	17278	null	null
ronnyt98@aol.com	17279	null	null
wei.hu@enron.com	17280	null	null
vikki.mccullough@enron.com	17281	null	null
joe.allen@enron.com	17282	null	null
allen.joe@enron.com	17282	null	null
royalty@vsnl.com	17283	null	null
savage.joe@enron.com	17284	null	null
suzette.emmons@enron.com	17285	null	null
bgrady@carlylesf.com	17286	null	null
pans01@darden.virginia.edu	17287	null	null
margueritekahn@paulhastings.com	17288	null	null
bslvn@hotmail.com	17289	null	null
nancy_meadows@exchange.ml.com	17290	null	null
andy.kelly@enron.com	17291	null	null
weron@im.pwr.wroc.pl	17292	null	null
bennettw@mindspring.com	17293	null	null
valued.customer@mailman.enron.com	17294	null	null
bperkins@mail.smallventuresusa.com	17295	null	null
bowlgames@sportadvisors.com	17296	null	null
steve.swerdloff@enron.com	17297	null	null
2.3477.b7-tbjml8vhoqyu.1@cda01.cdnow.com	17298	null	null
colliw@texaco.com	17299	null	null
leslie.robinson@enron.com	17300	null	null
lisa.shoemake@enron.com	17301	null	null
dtomlin@bcm.tmc.edu	17302	null	null
lwbthemarine@bigplanet.com	17303	null	null
lwbthemarine@alltel.net	17303	null	null
the.globalist@enron.com	17304	null	null
lewalt53@aol.com	17305	null	null
randy.wilson@enron.com	17306	null	null
stda@enron.com	17307	null	null
tommy.j.yanowski@enron.com	17308	null	null
j..yanowski@enron.com	17308	null	null
mrupe@cima-energy.com	17309	null	null
sgaines1@swbell.net	17310	null	null
tkirchman@nyiso.com	17311	null	null
pudge01flyer@yahoo.com	17312	null	null
ashaw@milbank.com	17313	null	null
hrishelp@enron.com	17314	null	null
wclagett@orci.com	17315	null	null
hubert@earthlink.net	17316	null	null
kimberly.indelicato@enron.com	17317	null	null
co.o.l._121200@airmail.continental.com	17318	null	null
ackercal@llgm.com	17319	null	null
cvwaits@cmsenergy.com	17320	null	null
schippers.carien@enron.com	17321	null	null
joe.hoang@enron.com	17322	null	null
bryan_rosenstrauch@griffinllc.com	17323	null	null
dking@bracepatt.com	17324	null	null
dking@synergyog.com	17324	null	null
petroleumworldnews1@hotmail.com	17325	null	null
ashok.gurusamy@enron.com	17326	null	null
maksym.yegorychev@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	17327	null	null
namie.clint@enron.com	17328	null	null
szide@baincap.com	17329	null	null
rafael.sto-tomas@mphasis.com	17330	null	null
bsears@law.harvard.edu	17331	null	null
mclark@uschamber.com	17332	null	null
swbe@dynegy.com	17333	null	null
paul.y'barbo@enron.com	17334	null	null
barbo@enron.com	17334	null	null
tkontos@adesa.com	17335	null	null
vince-fan@bright.net	17336	null	null
chu@enron.com	17337	null	null
sueron@anv.net	17338	null	null
vmelendez@gibbs-bruns.com	17339	null	null
\"anilsama\"."@enron.com	17340	null	null
mark.metts@enron.com	17341	null	null
megandjerril@earthlink.net	17342	null	null
gordon.wight@dynegy.com	17343	null	null
lreid@sppc.com	17344	null	null
david.h.mendez@dynegy.com	17345	null	null
jhunt_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	17346	null	null
krifisher@hotmail.com	17347	null	null
stuart.rexrode@enron.com	17348	null	null
keyspan@mmenergy.com	17349	null	null
glandau@bbnow.net	17350	null	null
exec.secretaries@houston.org	17351	null	null
bmrehman@bpa.gov	17352	null	null
korth'.'eric@enron.com	17353	null	null
paulp@calpine.com	17354	null	null
marty.blick@enron.com	17355	null	null
llindbe@enron.com	17356	null	null
mbtos@tozzini.com.br	17357	null	null
jason.seigal@enron.com	17358	null	null
rlorentzen@albertson.edu	17359	null	null
deannathaut@aol.com	17360	null	null
a..mausser@enron.com	17361	null	null
lorvi@aurora-gas.com	17362	null	null
vshanbh@enron.com	17363	null	null
vshanbh@yahoo.com	17363	null	null
vkaminskli@aol.com	17364	null	null
williams'.'brian@enron.com	17365	null	null
carin.andre@enron.com	17366	null	null
gdahlke@painehamblen.com	17367	null	null
d1131c2e-3c2c-40c2-bb3b-685d6a0d2700@autotoolbox.net	17368	null	null
jon_zagrodzky@mckinsey.com	17369	null	null
berk@haas.berkeley.edu	17370	null	null
jesse.morris@enron.com	17371	null	null
george.gilbert@enron.com	17372	null	null
lilybar44@hotmail.com	17373	null	null
enrique.gimenez@enron.com	17374	null	null
stanley.k.horton@dynegy.com	17375	null	null
alicia.jenkins@enron.com	17376	null	null
ackc@msn.com	17377	null	null
james.leigh@enron.com	17378	null	null
42.6936.30-u8georellmmwigaii9rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	17379	null	null
griff@odessapumps.com	17380	null	null
douglas.bongartz-renaud@nl.abnamro.com	17381	null	null
david.marshall@enron.com	17382	null	null
wise@haas.berkeley.edu	17383	null	null
knisely@enron.com	17384	null	null
carmel.burke@enron.com	17385	null	null
abbewool@aol.com	17386	null	null
anissa.green@enron.com	17387	null	null
kmpeabody@mediaone.net	17388	null	null
kenny.foo@ngx.com	17389	null	null
sabina.rank@enron.com	17390	null	null
rank@mdjlaw.com	17390	null	null
rank@mdjwlaw.com	17390	null	null
gmack@utep.edu	17391	null	null
parts@landmarkchevrolet.com	17392	null	null
sarah.woody@enron.com	17393	null	null
david.clements@enron.com	17394	null	null
zap@zapworld.com	17395	null	null
stenzel.bill@enron.com	17396	null	null
pcadoni@riskwaters.com	17397	null	null
mike.martin@xcelenergy.com	17398	null	null
jona.kimbrough@enron.com	17399	null	null
john.wodraska@enron.com	17400	null	null
helen.ding@enron.com	17401	null	null
clancy.aschbrenner@coastalcorp.com	17402	null	null
lafabby@nps.navy.mil	17403	null	null
sam.romero@enron.com	17404	null	null
pma@powermarketers.com	17405	null	null
jensminger@msn.com	17406	null	null
nick.politis@enron.com	17407	null	null
laura.a.de.la.torre@accenture.com	17408	null	null
rwong@haas.berkeley.edu	17409	null	null
john.thornton@enron.com	17410	null	null
usdomino075@americas-us.intl.pwcglobal.com	17411	null	null
judith.thorne@enron.com	17412	null	null
lclemmo@elementre.com	17413	null	null
infoworlds02@oultwtmbce.usa.net	17414	null	null
varias@hollandhart.com	17415	null	null
jennifer.hein@neg.pge.com	17416	null	null
angela.sprock@enron.com	17417	null	null
lisa.nemec@enron.com	17418	null	null
pammy1030@webtv.net	17419	null	null
scott.goodell@ubswenergy.com	17420	null	null
scott.goodell@enron.com	17420	null	null
goodell.scott@enron.com	17420	null	null
laura.ewald@enron.com	17421	null	null
brudy@umich.edu	17422	null	null
john.wehrle@gs.com	17423	null	null
lsriehm@houston.rr.com	17424	null	null
eia@enron.com	17425	null	null
james.bruce@enron.com	17426	null	null
jo.dickens-wilson@enron.com	17427	null	null
unsubscribeconfirmation@trfx-customerservice.com	17428	null	null
davidn@apbenergy.com	17429	null	null
jack.williams@enron.com	17430	null	null
askus@entertainment.com	17431	null	null
marc.janichen@enron.com	17432	null	null
manfred.ungethum@enron.com	17433	null	null
mark.solana@enron.com	17434	null	null
mhussain@ft2003.rsm.nl	17435	null	null
ts3199@yahoo.com	17436	null	null
michele.curtis@enron.com	17437	null	null
michele'.'curtis@enron.com	17437	null	null
stephanie.williamson@williams.com	17438	null	null
mike.roan@enron.com	17439	null	null
steve_lehew@murphyoilcorp.com	17440	null	null
jhduncan@aol.com	17441	null	null
tami.scrudder@enron.com	17442	null	null
joseph.capasso@enron.com	17443	null	null
andrew.clark@weil.com	17444	null	null
thestreet.com03@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	17445	null	null
bowl.fish@enron.com	17446	null	null
ospbc@egroups.com	17447	null	null
daniel.johnson@enron.com	17448	null	null
heaven.blakes@gs.com	17449	null	null
raj.mahajan@kiodex.com	17450	null	null
mcash@ect.enron.com	17451	null	null
mcash@enron.com	17451	null	null
tark.miyai@enron.com	17452	null	null
dfrank@sablaw.com	17453	null	null
auctions@enporion.com	17454	null	null
reporting@cpuc.ca.gov	17455	null	null
oceanos@jazzfree.com	17456	null	null
harrysarora@yahoo.com	17457	null	null
olivia.martinez@enron.com	17458	null	null
operations.eel@enron.com	17459	null	null
eric.team@enron.com	17460	null	null
leeann@enron.com	17461	null	null
f..brawner@enron.com	17462	null	null
f.brawner@enron.com	17462	null	null
rob.black@enron.com	17463	null	null
faretracker_013052@expedia.customer-email.com	17464	null	null
alan.stringer@enron.com	17465	null	null
jduhart@omm.com	17466	null	null
douglas.porter@sce.com	17467	null	null
c..kenne@enron.com	17468	null	null
juditgb@aol.com	17469	null	null
paguilarp@hotmail.com	17470	null	null
aleupp@svmg.org	17471	null	null
michael.towarek@enron.com	17472	null	null
mae@cpuc.ca.gov	17473	null	null
ec.communications@enron.com	17474	null	null
ec@ercot.com	17474	null	null
james979@usa.net	17475	null	null
heather_dalton@dell.com	17476	null	null
mkboyd@aep.com	17477	null	null
mpalmer@enron.com	17478	null	null
disneynews@disneyonline.go.com	17479	null	null
george.phillips@enron.com	17480	null	null
phillips.george@enron.com	17480	null	null
francisco.luis@enron.com	17481	null	null
cobra770@verizon.com	17482	null	null
select_welcome.um.a.1.3779@lists.smartmoney.com	17483	null	null
mathew.gimble@enron.com	17484	null	null
blstuar@ppco.com	17485	null	null
slates@qni.com	17486	null	null
ajangula@mtpower.com	17487	null	null
joseph.arens@gs.com	17488	null	null
tnsalonso@att.net	17489	null	null
crystal.hyde@enron.com	17490	null	null
dmitchell@cwt.com	17491	null	null
blopez@aep.com	17492	null	null
reedrev@voyager.net	17493	null	null
chrisr@tripwire.com	17494	null	null
chrisr@synergyog.com	17494	null	null
kubala.david@enron.com	17495	null	null
pgreen01@coair.com	17496	null	null
jrbonica@bonica.com	17497	null	null
mcdonalr@talgov.com	17498	null	null
cchristopher@skippingstone.com	17499	null	null
jpickard@softrax.com	17500	null	null
pjm-customer-info@risc1.pjm.com	17501	null	null
lnewmansciarrino@elanpharma.com	17502	null	null
joe.errigo@enron.com	17503	null	null
jennifer.blevins@enron.com	17504	null	null
blevins@enron.com	17504	null	null
david.w.delainey@enron.com	17505	null	null
wallen@eaglevis.com	17506	null	null
eol.traders@enron.com	17507	null	null
traders.eol@enron.com	17507	null	null
viacheslav.danilov@enron.com	17508	null	null
danilov@enron.com	17508	null	null
ihndrzcrfpbbr@clear.co.nz	17509	null	null
otto.gonzalez@enron.com	17510	null	null
sapsecurity@enron.com	17511	null	null
ryan.f.ruppert@exxon.sprint.com	17512	null	null
ryan.f.ruppert@exxon.sprint.net	17512	null	null
ruppert@texas.net	17512	null	null
ryan.ruppert@exxonmobil.com	17512	null	null
brayton.jenni@enron.com	17513	null	null
stephen.harper@enron.com	17514	null	null
scottfrego@hotmail.com	17515	null	null
eddieshell2@hotmail.com	17516	null	null
collin.whitehead@enron.com	17517	null	null
trivino@enron.com	17518	null	null
lisa.feld@ubsw.com	17519	null	null
stanton.scott@cinergy.com	17520	null	null
mopre@yahoo.com	17521	null	null
dgreen@enron.com	17522	null	null
dgreen@clausman.com	17522	null	null
lynda.l.phinney@williams.com	17523	null	null
danielle.stephens@enron.com	17524	null	null
angelictouch13@hotmail.com	17525	null	null
lech.kalembka@cwt.com	17526	null	null
jenslow@mfgwest.com	17527	null	null
rcarsal@keenerco.com	17528	null	null
dpalmer@kctera.net	17529	null	null
lex.carroll@enron.com	17530	null	null
larrybias@houston.rr.com	17531	null	null
dandorland@hotmail.com	17532	null	null
carol.armstrong@enron.com	17533	null	null
abbate@enron.com	17534	null	null
ldlinde@nppd.com	17535	null	null
jackie.birch@enron.com	17536	null	null
deleeuw@stat.ucla.edu	17537	null	null
b2bsurveys@opt11.edirectnetwork.net	17538	null	null
jhenry@elawforum.com	17539	null	null
bensons3@airmail.net	17540	null	null
bimonthly@enron.com	17541	null	null
schmid@enron.com	17542	null	null
gabriella.cigarroa@enron.com	17543	null	null
ira.block@neg.pge.com	17544	null	null
soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	17545	null	null
david.abraham@enron.com	17546	null	null
brenda_brown@pgn.com	17547	null	null
steve.ritter@enron.com	17548	null	null
lawrence_r_conn@calpx.com	17549	null	null
jeffrey.jewell@enron.com	17550	null	null
dacker@tsteel.com	17551	null	null
pmahoney@enron.com	17552	null	null
zappencorser@hotmail.com	17553	null	null
ryan.staub@enron.com	17554	null	null
reagan.rorschach@enron.com	17555	null	null
patrick.hickey@enron.com	17556	null	null
midday27@alerts.equityalert.com	17557	null	null
kwalters88@yahoo.com	17558	null	null
jborowic@utilicorp.com	17559	null	null
n@enron.com	17560	null	null
ognoepevuhbfvfjq@aol.com	17561	null	null
tremainewright@paulhastings.com	17562	null	null
alan.aronowitz@enron.com	17563	null	null
howard_scptv@interaccess.com	17564	null	null
jaime.sanabria@enron.com	17565	null	null
david.wohlfarth@pseg.com	17566	null	null
james.whitehead@enron.com	17567	null	null
marilynl@tastg.com	17568	null	null
michael.salinas@enron.com	17569	null	null
arize.agumadu@enron.com	17570	null	null
jdimitroff@marcusmillichap.com	17571	null	null
insynconline.6lz0c3gw.d@insync-palm.com	17572	null	null
exclusive_ofers@sportsline.com	17573	null	null
danryan@netwalk.com	17574	null	null
1.3295.b5-vt0b1zc793de.1@mailer.realage.com	17575	null	null
dmcbr@sprintmail.com	17576	null	null
cburnette@columbiaenergy.com	17577	null	null
margi.janopaul@enron.com	17578	null	null
jvtg@msn.com	17579	null	null
tim.neuman@williams.com	17580	null	null
bruno.plaskow@innogy.com	17581	null	null
bruno@firstconf.com	17581	null	null
bruno@eyeforenergy.com	17581	null	null
bruno@ufreight.com	17581	null	null
david.delaney@enron.com	17582	null	null
steven.scholl@enron.com	17583	null	null
asiegel@questia.com	17584	null	null
hl13844@alltel.net	17585	null	null
beth.cowan@enron.com	17586	null	null
helen.tunley@gs.com	17587	null	null
robert.baker@enron.com	17588	null	null
'bergman@enron.com	17589	null	null
bergman@enron.com	17589	null	null
dragsdal@ypcnm.com	17590	null	null
dreoo9p1@hotmail.com	17591	null	null
matthew.richard@enron.com	17592	null	null
madeline.jordan@elpaso.com	17593	null	null
madeline@enron.com	17593	null	null
jai.hawker@enron.com	17594	null	null
dcabello@questia.com	17595	null	null
ddrumm@foleylaw.com	17596	null	null
strongtockalert381912@yahoo.co.jp	17597	null	null
hechts@garderelaw.com	17598	null	null
chris.kirksey@enron.com	17599	null	null
chris.kirksey@austinenergy.com	17599	null	null
bob.ambrocik@enron.com	17600	null	null
rubenstein'.'andy@enron.com	17601	null	null
mmackles@nyiso.com	17602	null	null
john.schroeder@ps.ge.com	17603	null	null
mnunnelly@baincap.com	17604	null	null
jane.scelzo@enron.com	17605	null	null
iris.mack@enron.com	17606	null	null
iris@nestgroup.com	17606	null	null
iris.mack@paribas.com	17606	null	null
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com	17606	null	null
iracema.hernandez@enron.com	17607	null	null
tony_palmer@transcanada.com	17608	null	null
palmer.tony@enron.com	17608	null	null
karolina.moran@enron.com	17609	null	null
joanne.rozycki@enron.com	17610	null	null
kerry.ferrari@enron.com	17611	null	null
'hutcheson@enron.com	17612	null	null
cbone@home.com	17613	null	null
cbone@wyattfirm.com	17613	null	null
cbone@sath.com	17613	null	null
cory.willis@enron.com	17614	null	null
roger.westfall@enron.com	17615	null	null
lma@att.net	17616	null	null
bill.knox@enron.com	17617	null	null
dennis.martin@enron.com	17618	null	null
ellen.su@enron.com	17619	null	null
stone.pam@enron.com	17620	null	null
judgegyro@yahoo.com	17621	null	null
michklin@wincom.net	17622	null	null
jtoussaint@cinergy.com	17623	null	null
avi.hauser@effem.com	17624	null	null
cynthia.franklin@elpaso.com	17625	null	null
cynthia.franklin@enron.com	17625	null	null
rlmatt01@hotmail.com	17626	null	null
dkpenrod@aep.com	17627	null	null
419527.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	17628	null	null
j2468@webtv.net	17629	null	null
cpallen@amoco.com	17630	null	null
benzinger'.'northeast@enron.com	17631	null	null
smith'.'ken@enron.com	17632	null	null
breckbuddy@talkmatch.com	17633	null	null
ek@a-klaw.com	17634	null	null
8772374506@pagemetmessage.net	17635	null	null
8772374506@pagenetmessage.net	17635	null	null
james.wallmann@enron.com	17636	null	null
obreeden@gateway.net	17637	null	null
emma.vine@gvsi.com	17638	null	null
loftus.fitzwater@enron.com	17639	null	null
debe@fsddatasvc.com	17640	null	null
kwiemer@milbank.com	17641	null	null
georgia.fogo@enron.com	17642	null	null
chris_a_anderson@calpx.com	17643	null	null
callas@tcwgroup.com	17644	null	null
clevander@columbiaenergygroup.com	17645	null	null
clevander@columbiaenergy.com	17645	null	null
cleahy@gibbs-bruns.com	17646	null	null
barwil.muscat@barwil.com	17647	null	null
kelly'.'jackson@enron.com	17648	null	null
ivonne.brown@enron.com	17649	null	null
jsquerie@gmssr.com	17650	null	null
wldwoods@aol.com	17651	null	null
nolan.steiner@avistaenergy.com	17652	null	null
nolan.steiner@avistacorp.com	17652	null	null
rsiddiqi@capstoneenergy.com	17653	null	null
cjackson@txuenergy.com	17654	null	null
zone21@theissgate.theiss	17655	null	null
zone21@server.uva.br	17655	null	null
wmthursland@hotmail.com	17656	null	null
ed.hlopak@enron.com	17657	null	null
oung".'"bennett@enron.com	17658	null	null
oung"."bennett@enron.com	17658	null	null
d..sorenson@enron.com	17659	null	null
xwebspecials@gromit.alaskaair.com	17660	null	null
phillip_morris.um.a.21.2098@em10.net	17661	null	null
lhuber@enron.com	17662	null	null
jcitrolo@aol.com	17663	null	null
knethercutt@houstontech.org	17664	null	null
ann.chu@turner.com	17665	null	null
9927@excite.com	17666	null	null
maengelhardt@collinsbarrow.com	17667	null	null
scott.shields@enron.com	17668	null	null
michael.forno@sas.com	17669	null	null
mann.geoffrey@enron.com	17670	null	null
connie.blackwood@enron.com	17671	null	null
slines@caiso.com	17672	null	null
jharold@advent.com	17673	null	null
daniel.presley@enron.com	17674	null	null
ben.thomason@enron.com	17675	null	null
geraldross@fryerross.com	17676	null	null
ivoorhees@hess.com	17677	null	null
kmitchel@coba.usf.edu	17678	null	null
bruzinksy@jw.com	17679	null	null
a&a.reps@enron.com	17680	null	null
rch8@pge.com	17681	null	null
hburnette@neo.rr.com	17682	null	null
jenpresby@yahoo.com	17683	null	null
al.nahas@enron.com	17684	null	null
njme@dynegy.com	17685	null	null
pwah@socalgas.com	17686	null	null
ypoforumsurvey@ypoforumdiagnosticsurvey.com	17687	null	null
guest.services@disneyonline.com	17688	null	null
dlyyortr5c@hotmail.com	17689	null	null
kate.joslyn@enron.com	17690	null	null
health_notice@opt01.naviantnetwork.net	17691	null	null
melaniev@njbinc.net	17692	null	null
nilay.basu@enron.com	17693	null	null
ft.com.users":@enron.com	17694	null	null
randy.lord@enron.com	17695	null	null
toon.jim@enron.com	17696	null	null
audrey.oneil@enron.com	17697	null	null
angie.collins@enron.com	17698	null	null
l53l5l34k30@excite.com	17699	null	null
kmenear@treadmillbynet.com	17700	null	null
anngtc.dl-ets@enron.com	17701	null	null
anna.allen@blakes.com	17702	null	null
athletics@mail.auburn.edu	17703	null	null
drjames@worldnet.att.net	17704	null	null
flu@ladwp.com	17705	null	null
onlinediscounts@customoffers.com	17706	null	null
williamwagner@worldnet.att.net	17707	null	null
efm4@cornell.edu	17708	null	null
tthomas@caem.org	17709	null	null
fidelity.investments@fidelity2.m0.net	17710	null	null
inga.latson@enron.com	17711	null	null
farrar.james@enron.com	17712	null	null
scottiemckeogh@hotmail.com	17713	null	null
epwa@dynegy.com	17714	null	null
nrao@tca-us.com	17715	null	null
armando.diaz@enron.com	17716	null	null
diane.fellers@enron.com	17717	null	null
fellers@enron.com	17717	null	null
julie.cohn@ecot.rice.edu	17718	null	null
scott.morales@williams.com	17719	null	null
rob.taylor@enron.com	17720	null	null
rob.taylor@andrews-kurth.com	17720	null	null
sharron.susan@enron.com	17721	null	null
ashley.ect@enron.com	17722	null	null
mike.harper.enronxgate@enron.com	17723	null	null
finch@enron.com	17724	null	null
mario066@apexmail.com	17725	null	null
r..brackett@enron.com	17726	null	null
lpeddic@alleghenyenergy.com	17727	null	null
yvette.simpson@enron.com	17728	null	null
jessica.ramirez@enron.com	17729	null	null
cheng.katherine@enron.com	17730	null	null
bagwell.larry@enron.com	17731	null	null
nwodka@bracepatt.com	17732	null	null
fajb@ev1.net	17733	null	null
james.t.willerson@uth.tmc.edu	17734	null	null
david.steiner@enron.com	17735	null	null
us_epp_marketing@dell.com	17736	null	null
drothrock@camfg.com	17737	null	null
drothrock@cmta.com	17737	null	null
drothrock@cmta.net	17737	null	null
duke'.'amanda@enron.com	17738	null	null
jevans@duke-energy.com	17739	null	null
jevans@djangos.com	17739	null	null
omega-one@worldnet.att.net	17740	null	null
dbartley@o2wireless.com	17741	null	null
dina.omeara@dowjones.com	17742	null	null
douglas.friedman@enron.com	17743	null	null
ashley.e.brochstein@us.pwcglobal.com	17744	null	null
coughlin@haas.berkeley.edu	17745	null	null
ann.matson@enron.com	17746	null	null
rdillehay@epsilon.com	17747	null	null
ckiske@austin.rr.com	17748	null	null
jaime.araoz@enron.com	17749	null	null
cpuasdmin@clarksdale.com	17750	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.2944.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	17751	null	null
alexanms@sce.com	17752	null	null
tom.fischbach@enron.com	17753	null	null
amoneyhun@industrialinfo.com	17754	null	null
online.customerservice@wellsfargo.com	17755	null	null
srpt@srpnet.com	17756	null	null
robert.lundqvist@ies.luth.se	17757	null	null
don.deline@hallibutron.com	17758	null	null
don.deline@halliburton.com	17758	null	null
rag5@pge.com	17759	null	null
leaf.harasin@enron.com	17760	null	null
cen4927@griffon.mwsc.edu	17761	null	null
vday@monthlydrawing.roi1.net	17762	null	null
ryan.o'rourke@enron.com	17763	null	null
leah.karotkin@puc.state.tx.us	17764	null	null
ddalessa@sempratrading.com	17765	null	null
kponton@duke-energy.com	17766	null	null
millie.smaardyk@ourclub.com	17767	null	null
phil.sisneros@enron.com	17768	null	null
michele.wilks@enron.com	17769	null	null
the.mailout@enron.com	17770	null	null
kendra.dromgoole@enron.com	17771	null	null
paulconnolly@llgm.com	17772	null	null
jrule@vbibfpkhvr.enron.com	17773	null	null
richardnolan@smipublishing.co.uk	17774	null	null
kbeniga@schwabe.com	17775	null	null
kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net	17776	null	null
lara.leibman@enron.com	17777	null	null
sergio.hoyos@cinergy.com	17778	null	null
timothy.r.cherry@us.pwcglobal.com	17779	null	null
humberto.cubillos-uejbe@enron.com	17780	null	null
scottsmetana@yahoo.com	17781	null	null
sstojic@gbmdc.com	17782	null	null
risk.group@enron.com	17783	null	null
shetsky.mike@enron.com	17784	null	null
futuresource@lb.bcentral.com	17785	null	null
mreese@cmsenergy.com	17786	null	null
mreese@cmshq.com	17786	null	null
mbarnett@txuenergy.com	17787	null	null
lisa.costello@enron.com	17788	null	null
alratani@stampede-toyota.com	17789	null	null
ttekcip@swbell.net	17790	null	null
bob.nelson@akzonobel.com	17791	null	null
brent4king@hotmail.com	17792	null	null
schurmgr@er.oge.com	17793	null	null
joe.palik@enron.com	17794	null	null
dfollett@sempra.com	17795	null	null
ect-.domain-europe@enron.com	17796	null	null
csanchez@pdq.net	17797	null	null
csanchez@superiornatgas.com	17797	null	null
chadnangela@cs.com	17798	null	null
candrews@iccenergy.org	17799	null	null
marianella.maldonado@enron.com	17800	null	null
kevin.mccutcheon@newpower.com	17801	null	null
kevin.mccutcheon@enron.com	17801	null	null
mccutcheon.kevin@enron.com	17801	null	null
waynearm@napanet.net	17802	null	null
jones.amy@enron.com	17803	null	null
gerryg@questar.com	17804	null	null
robert.frank@enron.com	17805	null	null
stacey.vallejo@enron.com	17806	null	null
20texas@uwtgc.org	17807	null	null
o'brien.josh@enron.com	17808	null	null
james.rice@ifcosystems.com	17809	null	null
ione.irvine@enron.com	17810	null	null
vanessa.schulte@enron.com	17811	null	null
hchayefsky@att.net	17812	null	null
tom.brigger@enron.com	17813	null	null
shouan.tang@enron.com	17814	null	null
homan.amiry@enron.com	17815	null	null
steelheader75@hotmail.com	17816	null	null
brenda.bonhame@enron.com	17817	null	null
brigyoung99@yahoo.com	17818	null	null
jonathan.arginteanu@bnpparibas.com	17819	null	null
thomaet@texaco.com	17820	null	null
afw@blakes.ca	17821	null	null
rbowlin@onebox.com	17822	null	null
rbowlin@controltec.com	17822	null	null
davesegal@aol.com	17823	null	null
jayfitzgerald@yahoo.com	17824	null	null
vinayaj@hotmail.com	17825	null	null
afternoon29@alerts.equityalert.com	17826	null	null
megan.cooper@enron.com	17827	null	null
corey.hobbs@enron.com	17828	null	null
harryliz.shaw@worldnet.att.net	17829	null	null
shempling@hemplinglaw.com	17830	null	null
pgrumul@enron.com	17831	null	null
joya.davis@enron.com	17832	null	null
dave.martinez@enron.com	17833	null	null
barpoulis@enron.com	17834	null	null
kim.mayfield@enron.com	17835	null	null
steven.kleege@enron.com	17836	null	null
jennifer.cronin@enron.com	17837	null	null
sharon.aulds@enron.com	17838	null	null
chris.taylor@enron.com	17839	null	null
drew.hill@enron.com	17840	null	null
dawne.c.kenne@enron.com	17841	null	null
zsuzsanna.trizna@ukhu.freeserve.co.uk	17842	null	null
cupillari722@yahoo.com	17843	null	null
calvin.lee@enron.com	17844	null	null
atownley@aol.com	17845	null	null
fiorello.michelle@enron.com	17846	null	null
nblanchard@sehinc.com	17847	null	null
hottodayfutures2@ctstrader.com	17848	null	null
ray.neppl@enron.com	17849	null	null
junglechild@excite.com	17850	null	null
dan.lindquist@enron.com	17851	null	null
kdhulster@isda-eur.org	17852	null	null
matt_mccarthy_2000@yahoo.com	17853	null	null
vcharles.weldon@enron.com	17854	null	null
mike.kittrell@alonusa.com	17855	null	null
cheryl.brashier@enron.com	17856	null	null
team.andrews-brownfield@enron.com	17857	null	null
kbarbour@enron.com	17858	null	null
cathy.stevens@exult.net	17859	null	null
dominic.marshall@enron.com	17860	null	null
james.bramwell@enron.com	17861	null	null
cdecker@enron.com	17862	null	null
monica.jordan@enron.com	17863	null	null
mark.dilworth@enron.com	17864	null	null
dianekonsky@paulhastings.com	17865	null	null
quon@haas.berkeley.edu	17866	null	null
melody.gray@enron.com	17867	null	null
mrhill@midamerican.com	17868	null	null
cecilia.rodriguez@enron.com	17869	null	null
asme_cei0211@list.asme.org	17870	null	null
hendrix2@alumni.auburn.edu	17871	null	null
rgray@eurofinance.co.uk	17872	null	null
bburrell@tmh.tmc.edu	17873	null	null
jennsreit@houston.rr.com	17874	null	null
more@insync.net	17875	null	null
cgilley@orbitworld.net	17876	null	null
afternoon25@alerts.equityalert.com	17877	null	null
mary.griffiths@enron.com	17878	null	null
glenn.whittington@painewebber.com	17879	null	null
tp5sxr@socalgas.com	17880	null	null
brian.davis@enron.com	17881	null	null
acomnes@enron.com	17882	null	null
acomnes@prodigy.net	17882	null	null
andy.knight@enron.com	17883	null	null
jeffrib@mfslhou.com	17884	null	null
sric1959@aol.com	17885	null	null
tania.meyer.wilson@rssmb.com	17886	null	null
annawilliams@btamail.net.cn	17887	null	null
lillahmay@aol.com	17888	null	null
shelly.friesenhahn@enron.com	17889	null	null
clickrewards.61v8d9xz.t@news.clickrewards.com	17890	null	null
tina'.'andrews@enron.com	17891	null	null
thkiii3@yahoo.com	17892	null	null
adam.giannone@enron.com	17893	null	null
watsons@nytimes.com	17894	null	null
lamoss@duke-energy.com	17895	null	null
rowe@haas.berkeley.edu	17896	null	null
john.tollefsen@enron.com	17897	null	null
marguerite@enron.com	17898	null	null
curtis.hutcheson@compaq.com	17899	null	null
jeo3@psu.edu	17900	null	null
garet.shaw@enron.com	17901	null	null
john.sorrells@enron.com	17902	null	null
miubfczyqqwjgmvg@hotmail.com	17903	null	null
wade.wells@enron.com	17904	null	null
kitalet@trvnet.net	17905	null	null
gayleen.barrett@xemkt.com	17906	null	null
orlando.gonzalez@enron.com	17907	null	null
rebekah.rushing@enron.com	17908	null	null
dljones@cps-satx.com	17909	null	null
mike.bryant@enron.com	17910	null	null
mryantaber@nyiso.com	17911	null	null
group.enron@enron.com	17912	null	null
enron.group@enron.com	17912	null	null
patti.dennis@enron.com	17913	null	null
karl.peterson@hotwire.com	17914	null	null
brackenhoff.michelle@enron.com	17915	null	null
jogonzalez@fordham.edu	17916	null	null
jdavis50@earthlink.net	17917	null	null
jdodd@mdck.com	17918	null	null
seabron.adamson@frontier-economics.com	17919	null	null
seabron.adamson@frontiereconomics.com	17919	null	null
joe.gold@enron.com	17920	null	null
jfpottercys@att.net	17921	null	null
jfpottercys@worldnet.att.net	17921	null	null
doggettmark@hotmail.com	17922	null	null
tdinwiddie@gibbs-bruns.com	17923	null	null
7414@yahoo.com	17924	null	null
candace.bywaters@enron.com	17925	null	null
hlarson@dlcppi.org	17926	null	null
douglas.seaworth@enron.com	17927	null	null
lcable@chbh.com	17928	null	null
christopher.kravas@enron.com	17929	null	null
pwalla3@entergy.com	17930	null	null
edskiba@us.ibm.com	17931	null	null
nicholss@epenergy.com	17932	null	null
george.bob@enron.com	17933	null	null
mysti.lope@rrc.state.tx.us	17934	null	null
erik.bliss@lw.com	17935	null	null
lydia.delgado@enron.com	17936	null	null
sidney.cox@enron.com	17937	null	null
lamiller@tecoenergy.com	17938	null	null
marly.didizian@linklaters.com	17939	null	null
jwicke@apple.com	17940	null	null
jeanie.slone@enron.com	17941	null	null
slone@enron.com	17941	null	null
chris.long@enron.com	17942	null	null
bachman.gary@enron.com	17943	null	null
barr_mr@pillsburylaw.com	17944	null	null
aasalvetti@pepco.com	17945	null	null
colin.elliott@enron.com	17946	null	null
rlr@ptrcom.com	17947	null	null
sanjay.vazirani@schwab.com	17948	null	null
emaurer@forensics.com	17949	null	null
bobcasey@uh.edu	17950	null	null
controllers.arnold@enron.com	17951	null	null
heather.davis@travelpark.com	17952	null	null
randy.guire@enron.com	17953	null	null
harris.deloach@sonoco.com	17954	null	null
aggienetwork@aggienetwork.com	17955	null	null
keri.allred@enron.com	17956	null	null
allred@stcl.edu	17956	null	null
tom.newsom@enron.com	17957	null	null
wmmontjoy@brunini.com	17958	null	null
hjjjc@mail.pt	17959	null	null
johan.zaayman@enron.com	17960	null	null
tangie.dykes@enron.com	17961	null	null
jhgriff@earthlink.net	17962	null	null
hammons@mailman.enron.com	17963	null	null
lkontos@swbell.net	17964	null	null
gba1u95nk@yahoo.ca	17965	null	null
kevin.cousineau@enron.com	17966	null	null
ggjaft@aol.com	17967	null	null
rickdipersio@yahoo.com	17968	null	null
molag@arn.net	17969	null	null
mikeschrier@yahoo.com	17970	null	null
tloewen@cal.sunpub.com	17971	null	null
karen.marshall@enron.com	17972	null	null
gmatthews@scfpartners.com	17973	null	null
friend@public.com	17974	null	null
mary.heinitz@enron.com	17975	null	null
fredrikson_hans@jpmorgan.com	17976	null	null
tech.list@enron.com	17977	null	null
indrani.mahabir@enron.com	17978	null	null
jeffreye.smith@ps.ge.com	17979	null	null
shelly.butler@enron.com	17980	null	null
lawrence.slade@upstream.nhst.no	17981	null	null
damon'.'allison@enron.com	17982	null	null
wilsannounce@itssrv1.ucsf.edu	17983	null	null
bdussler@palmetto-partners.com	17984	null	null
5fdevelopment@enron.com	17985	null	null
liz.evans@enron.com	17986	null	null
hamiltonb@epenergy.com	17987	null	null
dminson@aepnet.org	17988	null	null
lisa.pitt@enron.com	17989	null	null
nhassman@energy.state.ca.us	17990	null	null
ric.doherty@compaq.com	17991	null	null
aleon@bankinter.es	17992	null	null
susancoomes@andrews-kurth.com	17993	null	null
robdbogey@aol.com	17994	null	null
bobbyg@chbrokers.com	17995	null	null
chris.santa_ana@humancode.com	17996	null	null
joan.richard@enron.com	17997	null	null
mike.golden@enron.com	17998	null	null
dfswtl@swbell.net	17999	null	null
emilio.vicens@enron.com	18000	null	null
detlef.steuer@unibw-hamburg.de	18001	null	null
egmsharp@enron.com	18002	null	null
alaina@doublemo.com	18003	null	null
rahul.kumar@enron.com	18004	null	null
johnandcathy@earthlink.net	18005	null	null
simone.la@enron.com	18006	null	null
gautamnijhawan@hotmail.com	18007	null	null
timothy.coffing@enron.com	18008	null	null
kathryn.cordes@enron.com	18009	null	null
david.bowers@enron.com	18010	null	null
viq@prnewswire.com	18011	null	null
rbechtel@bechtel.com	18012	null	null
jitendra.agarwal@enron.com	18013	null	null
jean.michaud@enron.com	18014	null	null
lynn.pikofsky@enron.com	18015	null	null
marcoux.mike@enron.com	18016	null	null
gregory.schockling@enron.com	18017	null	null
rjmanda_2000@yahoo.com	18018	null	null
halverdm@bp.com	18019	null	null
linda_agbe@hotmail.com	18020	null	null
jake7@cableone.net	18021	null	null
birthday.celebration@enron.com	18022	null	null
mlehman@bear.com	18023	null	null
afpaschke@bpa.gov	18024	null	null
rbowers@nyiso.com	18025	null	null
j.zimmerman@snhu.edu	18026	null	null
kpmacri@duke-energy.com	18027	null	null
carroll.ronald@enron.com	18028	null	null
theresa.brogan@enron.com	18029	null	null
lconte@hearst.com	18030	null	null
roblevy@earthlink.net	18031	null	null
janet.miertschin@chase.com	18032	null	null
markandjenny@houston.rr.com	18033	null	null
heil.gary@enron.com	18034	null	null
larry.garrett@enron.com	18035	null	null
ktycholiz@housotn.rr.com	18036	null	null
ktycholiz@houston.rr.com	18036	null	null
aevanloon@hotmail.com	18037	null	null
rjonak@hotmail.com	18038	null	null
patti.ucci@enron.com	18039	null	null
daveh@pacmed.org	18040	null	null
mak9@pge.com	18041	null	null
zjaurof10s@msn.com	18042	null	null
m.jarboe@txu.com	18043	null	null
lfenstad@houston.rr.com	18044	null	null
wayne.feng@enron.com	18045	null	null
jkho@dynegy.com	18046	null	null
r-4-144706-4002205-2-79-uk1-4de90644@xmr3.com	18047	null	null
vlqqy6v6sftvy@hotmail.com	18048	null	null
webqa@wayne-dalton.com	18049	null	null
bruce.garner@enron.com	18050	null	null
karen.davis@enron.com	18051	null	null
paul.waine@enron.com	18052	null	null
crosswell'.'allen@enron.com	18053	null	null
ddale@vignette.com	18054	null	null
marwede'.'andy@enron.com	18055	null	null
ben.tanner@enron.com	18056	null	null
karen-bleil@coastenergy.com	18057	null	null
team.carlsbad@enron.com	18058	null	null
gary'.'fujinami@enron.com	18059	null	null
jkorsmo@rhconst.com	18060	null	null
gregory.adams@enron.com	18061	null	null
hhjjss@isye.gatech.edu	18062	null	null
stichavsky@pct-inc.com	18063	null	null
edwinfitts@hotmail.com	18064	null	null
timopler@yahoo.com	18065	null	null
richard.mckeel@enron.com	18066	null	null
hiuynqp@hotmail.com	18067	null	null
claudia.meraz@enron.com	18068	null	null
hshaver@utilicorp.com	18069	null	null
steve.howarth@bea.com	18070	null	null
tengsbc@mailman.enron.com	18071	null	null
ercot@enron.com	18072	null	null
ted.burke@freshfields.com	18073	null	null
jennifer.white@oceanenergy.com	18074	null	null
bounce-abcnews-l-355240@alist0.starwave.com	18075	null	null
geraldine.irvine@enron.com	18076	null	null
drpww@aol.com	18077	null	null
darrell.stovall@enron.com	18078	null	null
lctalesq@lawyer.com	18079	null	null
stephanie.cole@enron.com	18080	null	null
finney.attasseril@enron.com	18081	null	null
brady.edwards@bakerbott.com	18082	null	null
donna.corrigan@enron.com	18083	null	null
jmerdia@citgo.com	18084	null	null
shannon.rodgers@enron.com	18085	null	null
liesl1@earthlink.net	18086	null	null
wsanders@kcc.com	18087	null	null
ecarmetsc@aep.com	18088	null	null
'smalley@enron.com	18089	null	null
constance.charles@enron.com	18090	null	null
americanredcross@info.redcross.org	18091	null	null
pnlent@mcn.org	18092	null	null
joern.schmidt@enron.com	18093	null	null
15124-6425@m2.innovyx.com	18094	null	null
ksmalls@baincap.com	18095	null	null
kim.pattison@enron.com	18096	null	null
dag@dgdk.com	18097	null	null
dag@cact.com	18097	null	null
mark.warner@enron.com	18098	null	null
gkaur1@lucent.com	18099	null	null
jenny.helton@enron.com	18100	null	null
rockey.storie@enron.com	18101	null	null
joseph.pollard@coastalcorp.com	18102	null	null
jwalk1_99@yahoo.com	18103	null	null
michael.lyons@enron.com	18104	null	null
luckylizzy@worldnet.att.net	18105	null	null
msrichards@duke-energy.com	18106	null	null
bgarner@enron.com	18107	null	null
mjergens@prodigy.net	18108	null	null
joni.kloesel@enron.com	18109	null	null
lars.nyberg@ncr.com	18110	null	null
bglushko@argentinc.com	18111	null	null
robert.m.burleson@dynegy.com	18112	null	null
ginsbergj@louisdreyfus.com	18113	null	null
bonnie.klefas@enron.com	18114	null	null
stephanie.balette@enron.com	18115	null	null
brian.blattler@enron.com	18116	null	null
joe.linhart@enron.com	18117	null	null
lewis.david@enron.com	18118	null	null
lori_maddox@eott.com	18119	null	null
lori.maddox@enron.com	18119	null	null
loric@mail2.allegro.net	18120	null	null
loric@pandaenergy.com	18120	null	null
loric@questar.com	18120	null	null
lillie.pittman@enron.com	18121	null	null
marshall.mary@enron.com	18122	null	null
kedson@ns.net	18123	null	null
2koha45k2@msn.com	18124	null	null
benson03@juno.com	18125	null	null
rules.turkey@enron.com	18126	null	null
steve.thome@enron.com	18127	null	null
herbert.goodwin@enron.com	18128	null	null
rsinger@uh.edu	18129	null	null
blh@pkns.com	18130	null	null
jfc@vitol.com	18131	null	null
aplldd@yahoo.com	18132	null	null
john.freeman@enron.com	18133	null	null
justin.rostant@enron.com	18134	null	null
mike.reed@neg.pge.com	18135	null	null
alan.larsen@enron.com	18136	null	null
dbowers@duke-energy.com	18137	null	null
paul.landers@enron.com	18138	null	null
hondorama@aol.com	18139	null	null
sendtoall@ercot.com	18140	null	null
snapfishnews@snapfish.rs88.net	18141	null	null
mtitus@myfirstlink.net	18142	null	null
brad.morse@enron.com	18143	null	null
mike.fawcett@enron.com	18144	null	null
sportingbetusa@lists.sportingbet.com	18145	null	null
jgoyer@usasean.org	18146	null	null
ea@pullcom.com	18147	null	null
ldakin-grimm@milbank.com	18148	null	null
jhb@8760.com	18149	null	null
tvaughan@prebon.com	18150	null	null
nurmt@prodigy.net	18151	null	null
avrahmorrison@hotmail.com	18152	null	null
iunews@listserv.indiana.edu	18153	null	null
damon.harvey@enron.com	18154	null	null
'grice@enron.com	18155	null	null
dan.king@dynegy.com	18156	null	null
adel.robinson@enron.com	18157	null	null
cmefbkk@aol.com	18158	null	null
lcurrie@arcfinancial.com	18159	null	null
jackd@dmcmgmt.com	18160	null	null
kdestep@ceg.com	18161	null	null
kdestep@columbiaenergygroup.com	18161	null	null
kdestep@columbiaenergy.com	18161	null	null
lia.halstead@enron.com	18162	null	null
magdalena.gonzalez@enron.com	18163	null	null
bob.gates@enron.com	18164	null	null
spiewak@metromediaenergy.com	18165	null	null
pgsd-5.smith@enron.com	18166	null	null
tom.swank@enron.com	18167	null	null
bates124@airmail.net	18168	null	null
dlsmith@pplweb.com	18169	null	null
al_figueroa@vflet.com	18170	null	null
holly.strong@enron.com	18171	null	null
skohli2@enron.com	18172	null	null
jennifer.wilson@enron.com	18173	null	null
ge_benefits@enron.com	18174	null	null
allphds@haas.berkeley.edu	18175	null	null
bdcash@bth12.med.navy.mil	18176	null	null
bdcash@lej10.med.navy.mil	18176	null	null
gschoen@frontierinvest.com	18177	null	null
riddles@riddlesandmore.com	18178	null	null
kssoffsight@hotmail.com	18179	null	null
karpinen@enron.com	18180	null	null
admission@mail.jhuwash.jhu.edu	18181	null	null
admission@jhubc.it	18181	null	null
deannaharris@houston.rr.com	18182	null	null
tom.halpin@enron.com	18183	null	null
clientreps@ercot.com	18184	null	null
jhoff2@enron.com	18185	null	null
cpourcho@utmb.edu	18186	null	null
alouison@hunton.com	18187	null	null
garysc@mail2.allegro.net	18188	null	null
garysc@questar.com	18188	null	null
chris.sanguinetti@stpaul.com	18189	null	null
andy.bettwy@groupwise.swgas.com	18190	null	null
andy.bettwy@swgas.com	18190	null	null
rex01@dellnet.com	18191	null	null
samis21@oceanfree.net	18192	null	null
ed.m.fore@lmco.com	18193	null	null
enlvwvz@msn.com	18194	null	null
natbond@lycos.com	18195	null	null
jdgriffith@aep.com	18196	null	null
margaret.hall@enron.com	18197	null	null
kristen.jurgens@enron.com	18198	null	null
keri.elliott@ourclub.com	18199	null	null
pg1315@aol.com	18200	null	null
greggdaileda@email.msn.com	18201	null	null
valerie.curtis@enron.com	18202	null	null
team.kingman-sta1@enron.com	18203	null	null
team.kingman@enron.com	18203	null	null
shawn.cumberland@elpaso.com	18204	null	null
shawn.cumberland@enron.com	18204	null	null
nrahemtulla.hba1998@alumni.ivey.uwo.ca	18205	null	null
starwood.inc.@enron.com	18206	null	null
starwood@spg.0mm.com	18206	null	null
howard.selzer@enron.com	18207	null	null
scenicmo@tranquility.net	18208	null	null
bukhvalo@haas.berkeley.edu	18209	null	null
dmlmdphd@aol.com	18210	null	null
shelly_worrell@eott.com	18211	null	null
shelly.worrell@enron.com	18211	null	null
unspecified-recipients@enron.com	18212	null	null
e..parrish@enron.com	18213	null	null
robert.mills@ubsw.com	18214	null	null
rvw@rillc.com	18215	null	null
dawn.mcdonald@enron.com	18216	null	null
lfrank@vignette.com	18217	null	null
christines.black@energizer.com	18218	null	null
julieb@jobreviews.8m.com	18219	null	null
specials2@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	18220	null	null
blewis@kistlerwine.com	18221	null	null
a&a.leads@enron.com	18222	null	null
vyvfpmxiactay@hotmail.com	18223	null	null
klood17@hotmail.com	18224	null	null
jack.netek@enron.com	18225	null	null
ricky.ellis@enron.com	18226	null	null
gary.w.lamphier@enron.com	18227	null	null
gary.lamphier@enron.com	18227	null	null
townsendb@hdvest.com	18228	null	null
sohonm@tdusa.com	18229	null	null
frank.gress@enron.com	18230	null	null
bbratton@elitehou.com	18231	null	null
rclark@suncor.com	18232	null	null
dweekley@dwhomes.com	18233	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_034177@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	18234	null	null
abi.nix@compaq.com	18235	null	null
meconium@mhtc.net	18236	null	null
brandee.jackson@enron.com	18237	null	null
jake.h.jacobson@exxon.com	18238	null	null
broad132@aol.com	18239	null	null
norma.tidrow@enron.com	18240	null	null
jim.rountree@enron.com	18241	null	null
tagmajulie@aol.com	18242	null	null
betterdoitnow@neo1.neotraffix.com	18243	null	null
ekuerbis@mdbe.com	18244	null	null
faciani@hotmail.com	18245	null	null
victoria.wilbeck@enron.com	18246	null	null
gurmeet.j.singh@att.net	18247	null	null
igilchrist@viant.com	18248	null	null
lisa.jones@enron.com	18249	null	null
asait@azurix.com	18250	null	null
chux10@aol.com	18251	null	null
rem@ci.columbia.mo.us	18252	null	null
25651080@bellsouth.net	18253	null	null
mel.schulze@enron.com	18254	null	null
david.butters@home.com	18255	null	null
my-prs@irjgroup.co.jp	18256	null	null
hkauffman@mail.utexas.edu	18257	null	null
sophie.kingsley@enron.com	18258	null	null
sophie@cwconferences.co.uk	18258	null	null
devine'.'bryan@enron.com	18259	null	null
steve.coash@enron.com	18260	null	null
svmg.admin@m3iworks.com	18261	null	null
robert.lloyd@enron.com	18262	null	null
charles.byrom@enron.com	18263	null	null
jfawcett@enron.com	18264	null	null
jfawcett@sempra.com	18264	null	null
swizzle458@hotmail.com	18265	null	null
expedia.com_010891@expedia.customer-email.com	18266	null	null
susan.miller@enron.com	18267	null	null
susan_miller@customoffers.com	18267	null	null
susan_miller@anadarko.com	18267	null	null
ssimpson@quadraenergy.com	18268	null	null
paul.e.primavera@accenture.com	18269	null	null
asands@lexgen.com	18270	null	null
cscusack@email.msn.com	18271	null	null
aazccb@swbell.net	18272	null	null
susanssharpe@aol.com	18273	null	null
karen.snow@enron.com	18274	null	null
peter.bennett@enron.com	18275	null	null
leemobley@excite.com	18276	null	null
simone.rose@enron.com	18277	null	null
ml_research@ml.com	18278	null	null
rbays@lockeliddell.com	18279	null	null
tech_alert@listserv.dowjones.com	18280	null	null
andy.sikes@enron.com	18281	null	null
brettlawler@hotmail.com	18282	null	null
yuan.tian@enron.com	18283	null	null
lfrazier@eeshou.thebentleycompany.com	18284	null	null
margie.straight@enron.com	18285	null	null
leon.branom@enron.com	18286	null	null
jeff_walker@i2.com	18287	null	null
pboice@uwtgc.org	18288	null	null
ttaylor@smrh.com	18289	null	null
ttaylor@llgm.com	18289	null	null
jstorthz@swbell.net	18290	null	null
xiaojun.huan@bus.utexas.edu	18291	null	null
erica.communications@enron.com	18292	null	null
tspencer@aesc.com	18293	null	null
ejalvarez1@hotmail.com	18294	null	null
randy_hoyle@fpl.com	18295	null	null
marss@perkinscoie.com	18296	null	null
marss@perkins.com	18296	null	null
4069450@archwireless.net	18297	null	null
nony.flores@enron.com	18298	null	null
rmortensen@wm.com	18299	null	null
rmortensen@wn.com	18299	null	null
comfort@mailman.enron.com	18300	null	null
comfort@interweft.com.au	18300	null	null
kooken.mattilou@enron.com	18301	null	null
ect-.domain-usa@enron.com	18302	null	null
g.j.sharman@tm.tue.nl	18303	null	null
dick.ring@enron.com	18304	null	null
naveen.andrews@enron.com	18305	null	null
max.yzaguirre@enron.com	18306	null	null
rebecca.bell@enron.com	18307	null	null
pardevelop@aol.com	18308	null	null
atm_mail@igate.cbinet.com	18309	null	null
gerald.nemec/hou/ect@enron.com	18310	null	null
sross@smith.com	18311	null	null
vip@esttrading.com	18312	null	null
juman@espeed.com	18313	null	null
juman@cantor.com	18313	null	null
partner-news@amazon.com	18314	null	null
cheryl.dawes@enron.com	18315	null	null
enronanywhere@enron.com	18316	null	null
andrew.wu@enron.com	18317	null	null
soc.bob@enron.com	18318	null	null
antigen_c1plenaexi01@commerceone.com	18319	null	null
gas.operations@enron.com	18320	null	null
llawner@enron.com	18321	null	null
1.3603.03-2ep4shnzdpoz.1@mailer.realage.com	18322	null	null
e..moscoso@enron.com	18323	null	null
jeff.kinneman@enron.com	18324	null	null
enron.operations@enron.com	18325	null	null
paul.baratelli@nerc.net	18326	null	null
edouglas@ghcf.org	18327	null	null
annemarie.allex@enron.com	18328	null	null
asme_cei_section8@list.asme.org	18329	null	null
lloyd.fleming@enron.com	18330	null	null
simon.sear@enron.com	18331	null	null
tammypruitt@enron.com	18332	null	null
erin_brewer@ocli.com	18333	null	null
keith.dziadek@enron.com	18334	null	null
saindakwa@kslaw.com	18335	null	null
dale.m.davis@williams.com	18336	null	null
plong@pattonboggs.com	18337	null	null
megadood_2000@yahoo.com	18338	null	null
mike.fultz@halliburton.com	18339	null	null
treasa.kirby@enron.com	18340	null	null
anne_heard@ryderscott.com	18341	null	null
evgenis.eva@enron.com	18342	null	null
eva_evgenis@acml.com	18342	null	null
ted.evans@enron.com	18343	null	null
ctrueheart@eei.org	18344	null	null
micardo.johns@enron.com	18345	null	null
felicia.ma@enron.com	18346	null	null
donna.muniz@enron.com	18347	null	null
malikeng@natfuel.com	18348	null	null
eeso.legal@enron.com	18349	null	null
cmw@cpuc.ca.gov	18350	null	null
wfhenze@jonesday.com	18351	null	null
dailyblessings.10@lists.postmastergeneral.com	18352	null	null
greg.mccracken@enron.com	18353	null	null
brad.bangle@enron.com	18354	null	null
lysa.akin@enron.com	18355	null	null
ssoles@ziffenergy.com	18356	null	null
kkopetzk@utilicorp.com	18357	null	null
doug.kinney@enron.com	18358	null	null
the_economist-business-admin@economist.com	18359	null	null
the_economist-business-admin@news.economist.com	18359	null	null
the_economist-business-admin@lists.economist.com	18359	null	null
katherine_hammack@apses.com	18360	null	null
kacee.downey@enron.com	18361	null	null
zsolr@post.cz	18362	null	null
nutter.dave@enron.com	18363	null	null
mholthouse@holthouseinterests.com	18364	null	null
mholthouse@holthouseinterests.org	18364	null	null
scott.bade@enron.com	18365	null	null
barry_hunsacker@eogresources.com	18366	null	null
mary.shelton@ncmail.net	18367	null	null
bart_schwartz@mony.com	18368	null	null
larry.abbott@enron.com	18369	null	null
alb@cpuc.ca.gov	18370	null	null
philip.berry@enron.com	18371	null	null
ed.r.brewer@williams.com	18372	null	null
annearvin@hotmail.com	18373	null	null
melba.lozano@enron.com	18374	null	null
rachel.bonilla-kragel@ac.com	18375	null	null
rachel.bonilla-kragel@accenture.com	18375	null	null
adrian_schulzeff@shrwd.com	18376	null	null
chriswilliams@kslmail.com	18377	null	null
isc.registrar@enron.com	18378	null	null
registrar.isc@enron.com	18378	null	null
scott.loving@enron.com	18379	null	null
b.kowalski@pecorp.com	18380	null	null
tcornwell@txbeef.org	18381	null	null
g24efcftv4b7t@hotmail.com	18382	null	null
cooldeals@montrosetravel.com	18383	null	null
dylanand@home.com	18384	null	null
dvogel@powellbrewer.com	18385	null	null
amic@whitepajama.com	18386	null	null
chuck.johnson@enron.com	18387	null	null
grassy@grassy.com	18388	null	null
vince.ild@excite.com	18389	null	null
team.artesia@enron.com	18390	null	null
team.beatrice-purple@enron.com	18391	null	null
preeves@amunet.edu	18392	null	null
leslieyoung5000@yahoo.com	18393	null	null
kupiecki@haas.berkeley.edu	18394	null	null
rterry@gw2w.com	18395	null	null
rterry@g2w2.com	18395	null	null
marguerite.nguyen@enron.com	18396	null	null
nmanne@susmangodrey.com	18397	null	null
nmanne@susmangodfrey.com	18397	null	null
rgloistein@orrick.com	18398	null	null
flavinr@aol.com	18399	null	null
ktands@aol.com	18400	null	null
askchristine@avistautilities.com	18401	null	null
dan703@home.com	18402	null	null
susiedeter@yahoo.com	18403	null	null
nevart2000@yahoo.com	18404	null	null
morning19@alerts.equityalert.com	18405	null	null
jean.dressler@enron.com	18406	null	null
zaib@ecogas.com	18407	null	null
lisa.connolly@enron.com	18408	null	null
pete.bewley@clorox.com	18409	null	null
ellen'.'francoeur@enron.com	18410	null	null
nolda.halderman@enron.com	18411	null	null
5591@pkghlrss.com	18412	null	null
david.tonsall@enron.com	18413	null	null
jbsimmo@cooper-energy-services.com	18414	null	null
elizabeth.grant@enron.com	18415	null	null
chris.townsend@piperrudnick.com	18416	null	null
cwythe@bancfirst.com	18417	null	null
brian.schwertner@enron.com	18418	null	null
collins.marcy@epenergy.com	18419	null	null
pat.capps@atmosenergy.com	18420	null	null
mrhappy@telkom.net	18421	null	null
eric.gillaspie@coral-energy.com	18422	null	null
eric.gillaspie@enron.com	18422	null	null
charles.muzzy@enron.com	18423	null	null
risarank@peoplepc.com	18424	null	null
amrego@eurelectric.org	18425	null	null
t43e27sc2rhu@hotmail.com	18426	null	null
dwight.helms@gulfsouthpl.com	18427	null	null
theriskdesk@scudderpublishing.com	18428	null	null
carlos.j.rodriguez@enron.com	18429	null	null
stremmel'.'cindy@enron.com	18430	null	null
stremmel.cindy@enron.com	18430	null	null
theweblion@hotmail.com	18431	null	null
arellano'.'peter@enron.com	18432	null	null
susan.brenneman@enron.com	18433	null	null
dwa3@pge.com	18434	null	null
anastasia.joyce@us.pwcglobal.com	18435	null	null
sharebuilder_036251@netstock.customer-email.com	18436	null	null
kenrcars@aol.com	18437	null	null
vwtwk@sunpoint.net	18438	null	null
david.noyes@enron.com	18439	null	null
vnwfd@sina.com	18440	null	null
m..carroll@enron.com	18441	null	null
sarah.cooper@bakerbotts.com	18442	null	null
vsequeira@reliantenergy.com	18443	null	null
david.nettleton@enron.com	18444	null	null
robert.hunter@enron.com	18445	null	null
cdavidson@nobleaff.com	18446	null	null
stephen.niezgoda@enron.com	18447	null	null
sandison@napanet.net	18448	null	null
susanlindberg14@hotmail.com	18449	null	null
jqa@mediaone.net	18450	null	null
cskane@unm.edu	18451	null	null
kristin.walsh@enron.com	18452	null	null
wschick@enron.com	18453	null	null
mplynch@msgpacbell.com	18454	null	null
matthew.commons@enron.com	18455	null	null
janey@horny18.net	18456	null	null
wederh@saraleebake.com	18457	null	null
lmfoust@aol.com	18458	null	null
dhankinson@intellibridge.com	18459	null	null
peter.meier@neg.pge.com	18460	null	null
brenda.cassel@enron.com	18461	null	null
fate.mary@enron.com	18462	null	null
jayandem@earthlink.net	18463	null	null
marilyn.smith@wessexwater.co.uk	18464	null	null
jsr1117@datasync.com	18465	null	null
jaym@igate.cbinet.com	18466	null	null
brian.steinbrueck@enron.com	18467	null	null
sumey@enron.com	18468	null	null
tom.heller@dynegy.com	18469	null	null
cheryl.dudley@enron.com	18470	null	null
ckdk@hotmail.com	18471	null	null
dkt@cpuc.ca.gov	18472	null	null
skaufman@comkauf.com	18473	null	null
tkubicki@kappasearch.com	18474	null	null
lharris@milbank.com	18475	null	null
jim.lynch@enron.com	18476	null	null
eperrigo@epsa.org	18477	null	null
arthur.taylor@mgnah.com	18478	null	null
jeffrey.garten@yale.edu	18479	null	null
state.government@enron.com	18480	null	null
shane.dobbs@fctg.com	18481	null	null
jeff_l._huston@dom.com	18482	null	null
james.carr@enron.com	18483	null	null
duggar@haas.berkeley.edu	18484	null	null
cdanner@lecg.com	18485	null	null
ddecarli@wii.com	18486	null	null
jpesot@gaoptions.com	18487	null	null
steve.childs@enron.com	18488	null	null
bucky.dusek@enron.com	18489	null	null
jeff.nieland@enron.com	18490	null	null
john.cain@tlc.state.tx.us	18491	null	null
theresa.mccormick@enron.com	18492	null	null
caroleg2@bellsouth.net	18493	null	null
stuart.sheldrick@enron.com	18494	null	null
william.russell@abc.com	18495	null	null
mcortez@govadv.com	18496	null	null
vanda.pearson@blakes.com	18497	null	null
woodall.shawn@enron.com	18498	null	null
mattias.palm@paconsulting.com	18499	null	null
janet.wood@enron.com	18500	null	null
julie.pechersky@enron.com	18501	null	null
'julie.pechersky'@enron.com	18501	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3687@lists.smartmoney.com	18502	null	null
9695@msn.comusa.net	18503	null	null
sheehan.susan@enron.com	18504	null	null
tim.orourke@enron.com	18505	null	null
qeoh@aol.com	18506	null	null
nyree.jones@enron.com	18507	null	null
dlevine@caiso.com	18508	null	null
dlevine@greenwoodking.com	18508	null	null
roberto.alvira@enron.com	18509	null	null
donna.hadley@austinenergy.com	18510	null	null
ben.andrew@enron.com	18511	null	null
jdybell@houston.org	18512	null	null
robertb@csufresno.edu	18513	null	null
gentile@bolt.com	18514	null	null
stacy.walker@enron.com	18515	null	null
swalton@enron.com	18516	null	null
homey134@hotmail.com	18517	null	null
beetle9209@aol.com	18518	null	null
l..baker@enron.com	18519	null	null
craig_taylor67@hotmail.com	18520	null	null
geri47@msn.com	18521	null	null
john.cheng@enron.com	18522	null	null
isdalondon@isda.org	18523	null	null
skspencer@cmsenergy.com	18524	null	null
lola.willis@enron.com	18525	null	null
bccorplegal@email.com	18526	null	null
ksoignet@hotmail.com	18527	null	null
agalit@ladwp.com	18528	null	null
lindabgo@aol.com	18529	null	null
jtucciarone@aeglobalmarkets.com	18530	null	null
sblalock@calpine.com	18531	null	null
cybele.henriquez@enron.com	18532	null	null
dfusilli@cti.depaul.edu	18533	null	null
gang00@msn.com	18534	null	null
llindsay@whidbey.com	18535	null	null
kevin.cini@sce.com	18536	null	null
john.r.ayres@enron.com	18537	null	null
john.ayres@enron.com	18537	null	null
stuart.schardin@enron.com	18538	null	null
dima@enron.com	18539	null	null
helen.zhang@enron.com	18540	null	null
skirkpatrick@reliant.com	18541	null	null
dannis.bellard@enron.com	18542	null	null
'beasle-br@tsu..edu'"@enron.com	18543	null	null
vinay.adenwala@enron.com	18544	null	null
johnfh@absolute-net.com	18545	null	null
kidd_jeff@hotmail.com	18546	null	null
dorothy.dade@enron.com	18547	null	null
asisavic@nbsrealtors.com	18548	null	null
peckg@rhodes.edu	18549	null	null
kevinv@mcnenergy.com	18550	null	null
mike_buttrey@mhbt.com	18551	null	null
sarah.white@enron.com	18552	null	null
sbmccollum_99@yahoo.com	18553	null	null
cgarcia@enron.com	18554	null	null
cgarcia@apses.com	18554	null	null
enigma@enigma.rsc01.com	18555	null	null
gary.anderson@enron.com	18556	null	null
smurphy@unterberg.com	18557	null	null
curry.dee@enron.com	18558	null	null
d..curry@enron.com	18558	null	null
lhandli1@txu.com	18559	null	null
scottradestreamer@scottrade.com	18560	null	null
rdoyle@mbakercorp.com	18561	null	null
chasecards@chase.m0.net	18562	null	null
mmarcoux@boston-engineering.com	18563	null	null
cynthia.safford@enron.com	18564	null	null
rondap@earthlink.net	18565	null	null
don.c.baughman@marshmc.com	18566	null	null
ccastillo@riobravo-gm.com	18567	null	null
mcgowen.elisa@enron.com	18568	null	null
christal.hattaway@enron.com	18569	null	null
cristina.vanhoff@corp.bellsouth.net	18570	null	null
vtament@charter.net	18571	null	null
amie.ha@enron.com	18572	null	null
ranelle.paladino@enron.com	18573	null	null
bbryant@katzlaw.com	18574	null	null
stockgrok@thestandard.email-publisher.com	18575	null	null
sgordon@epsa.org	18576	null	null
jaime.williams@enron.com	18577	null	null
mreynolds@yahoo.com	18578	null	null
mharris@rcgroup.com	18579	null	null
michalski.ron@enron.com	18580	null	null
fun972@prodigy.net	18581	null	null
lbrown1@erac.com	18582	null	null
rick.becker@enron.com	18583	null	null
ckm@pa.urel.berkeley.edu	18584	null	null
tara.rafter@enron.com	18585	null	null
gilbertd@sullcrom.com	18586	null	null
gg@marval.com.ar	18587	null	null
chris.m.j.dutton@si.shell.com	18588	null	null
phmarti@lsu.edu	18589	null	null
kazazian_shellbol@unete.com	18590	null	null
vevans@tmh.tmc.edu	18591	null	null
mkt_relations@nyiso.com	18592	null	null
gene.diers@enron.com	18593	null	null
shipmentconfirmationphone@victoriassecret.com	18594	null	null
johansc2924@picko.tandoori.demon.co.uk	18595	null	null
kathy.franz@enron.com	18596	null	null
bgcni@sapo.pt	18597	null	null
jes9@mail.duke.edu	18598	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.306@vremail.com	18599	null	null
garybarbour@email.msn.com	18600	null	null
mitchell_daniels@omb.eop.gov	18601	null	null
robert.m.jones@ucm.com	18602	null	null
spitfirez2v@mail.pt	18603	null	null
calyxandcorolla@calyxandcorolla.com	18604	null	null
laura.g.ware@us.arthurandersen.com	18605	null	null
allthebest@term.speedo1200.com	18606	null	null
allthebest@thebestemail.net	18606	null	null
gobrien@lucent.com	18607	null	null
peter.prelli@enron.com	18608	null	null
mperrodin@cpr.fr	18609	null	null
jlangham@kern-search.com	18610	null	null
msmith@sapient.com	18611	null	null
schuyler.henderson@bakernet.com	18612	null	null
marinenk@rice.edu	18613	null	null
jdeason@chbh.com	18614	null	null
john.long@enron.com	18615	null	null
shift.dl-portland@enron.com	18616	null	null
cecilia.olvera@enron.com	18617	null	null
pat.gallimore@powerpool.ab.ca	18618	null	null
carol.milanowski@williams.com	18619	null	null
simon.cose@enron.com	18620	null	null
mracicot@bracepatt.com	18621	null	null
skip.glatte@enron.com	18622	null	null
junspecials@ino.com	18623	null	null
mmerv@opic.gov	18624	null	null
dung.tran@enron.com	18625	null	null
camille.gerard@enron.com	18626	null	null
vkaminskji@aol.com	18627	null	null
luitgard.fischer@enron.com	18628	null	null
rnstein".'"chantel@enron.com	18629	null	null
greg.mall@enron.com	18630	null	null
jramirez@othon.com	18631	null	null
cfomag@cfo.com	18632	null	null
harlan.e.murphy@dynegy.com	18633	null	null
t..hodge@enron.com	18634	null	null
tom.rice@enron.com	18635	null	null
orey".'"grindal@enron.com	18636	null	null
discount-ink@prodigy.net	18637	null	null
discount@open2win.oi3.net	18637	null	null
kelley_doolan@platts.com	18638	null	null
kelley_doolan@mcgraw-hill.com	18638	null	null
aksmith@uh.edu	18639	null	null
maury_lane@hollings.senate.gov	18640	null	null
lrover52@aol.com	18641	null	null
wpbowel@mwbb.com	18642	null	null
chris.clark@enron.com	18643	null	null
rcastane@dart.org	18644	null	null
ameasom@ccsystems.com	18645	null	null
hbsp.620@hbsp.ed10.net	18646	null	null
ws-i@list.newshotline.com	18647	null	null
dmyersierrapower@sosinet.net	18648	null	null
mimizimm@aol.com	18649	null	null
lisa.obrien@freshfields.com	18650	null	null
les.cunningham@enron.com	18651	null	null
tcanino@cenhud.com	18652	null	null
carey.stacy@enron.com	18653	null	null
chris.nowak@enron.com	18654	null	null
darin.jen@shaw.ca	18655	null	null
darin.jen@home.com	18655	null	null
matt.francis@enron.com	18656	null	null
flygrl8998@aol.com	18657	null	null
jacy.whyte@andrewagencies.com	18658	null	null
laura.levy@enron.com	18659	null	null
gharless@mariner-energy.com	18660	null	null
thebachs@hotmail.com	18661	null	null
erms.dl-tagg@enron.com	18662	null	null
jim.newgard@enron.com	18663	null	null
jtaylor@plainsgt.org	18664	null	null
jtaylor@firstunion1.com	18664	null	null
bnegan@brazoria.net	18665	null	null
goliasbj@bipc.com	18666	null	null
anng@iibt.org	18667	null	null
mballases@hotmail.com	18668	null	null
suew2@aol.com	18669	null	null
expediatraveldeals_031875@expedia.customer-email.com	18670	null	null
marketopsrealtimebeep@caiso.com	18671	null	null
wilson.gene@enron.com	18672	null	null
vince.giambalvo@dc.net	18673	null	null
elizabeth.jones@enron.com	18674	null	null
bekyles@aol.com	18675	null	null
vladislav@lycos.com	18676	null	null
jm_hernandez-beneyto@bmg.bsch.es	18677	null	null
t..astin@enron.com	18678	null	null
robert.traband@chase.com	18679	null	null
insynconline.63f3sx2y.d@insync-palm.com	18680	null	null
mark.mixon@enron.com	18681	null	null
mtiberi@tractebellng.com	18682	null	null
epadill@pnm.com	18683	null	null
drezac@gpu.com	18684	null	null
rvincens@deltapower.com	18685	null	null
jeff.shankman@enron.com	18686	null	null
alisha@bp-inc.net	18687	null	null
jeffseely_008786@netstock.customer-email.com	18688	null	null
paffairs2@hoover.stanford.edu	18689	null	null
allan.roberts@uk.arthurandersen.com	18690	null	null
david.owens@enron.com	18691	null	null
ialphonso@garygreene.com	18692	null	null
duke.shaunna@enron.com	18693	null	null
royjshanker@worldnet.att.net	18694	null	null
bwalsh@isda.org	18695	null	null
ccerria@hess.com	18696	null	null
diane.salcido@enron.com	18697	null	null
bill.dudley@xemkt.com	18698	null	null
stephen_on@hotmail.com	18699	null	null
slc.nwpsched@williams.com	18700	null	null
hoteldiscounts@sweepsclub.com	18701	null	null
dgioffre@hotmail.com	18702	null	null
jennifersmith@kaseco.com	18703	null	null
jennifersmith@classes.com	18703	null	null
robert.groves@enron.com	18704	null	null
scott.neuendorf@enron.com	18705	null	null
cheri.sublet@enron.com	18706	null	null
rhonda.smith@enron.com	18707	null	null
dlaine@pstrategies.com	18708	null	null
fhayden@kpmg.com	18709	null	null
cgerard@enron.com	18710	null	null
libasco@netvigator.com	18711	null	null
dlhart1@aep.com	18712	null	null
deborah.dunten@enron.com	18713	null	null
drinkwater'.'bonnie@enron.com	18714	null	null
skeeper@enron.com	18715	null	null
mark.giancola@do.treas.gov	18716	null	null
lawrence.foutz@enron.com	18717	null	null
bert.dunn@eweb.eugene.or.us	18718	null	null
ey4avayuvu@hotmail.com	18719	null	null
catherine.huynh@enron.com	18720	null	null
nancy.giove@conectiv.com	18721	null	null
amy.eagle@sf.ddbn.com	18722	null	null
klove@hgac.cog.tx.us	18723	null	null
newsletters-help@server.twistedhumor.com	18724	null	null
james.r.haden@enron.com	18725	null	null
jan.cobden@enron.com	18726	null	null
pravas.sud@enron.com	18727	null	null
461052.129113116.2@1.americanexpress.com	18728	null	null
dave.gunther@enron.com	18729	null	null
servicebox@bannerport.net	18730	null	null
servicebox@spedia.net	18730	null	null
rich.plachy@enron.com	18731	null	null
tarsha.gary@enron.com	18732	null	null
kevin.moore@enron.com	18733	null	null
dime_support@chtah.com	18734	null	null
peperformance.	18735	null	null
wine_enthusiast_1.um.a.5.23@webmail.wineenthusiast.net	18736	null	null
paul.sentance@enron.com	18737	null	null
403096.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	18738	null	null
huabulohkq@alwaystrue.net	18739	null	null
jquenet@enron.com	18740	null	null
jquenet@earthlink.net	18740	null	null
robert.crockett@enron.com	18741	null	null
jcogen@natsource.com	18742	null	null
marcia_brammer@mckinsey.com	18743	null	null
norton_antivirus_gateways@scotiacapital.com	18744	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5052497-5029262-wjr1rlta@tumble2.datek.com	18745	null	null
all.presidents@enron.com	18746	null	null
kytreasurer@aol.com	18747	null	null
whitehead_jonathan@yahoo.com	18748	null	null
jonathan.whitehead@enron.com	18748	null	null
wayne.brunette@enron.com	18749	null	null
dkocian@enron.com	18750	null	null
catherine.simoes@enron.com	18751	null	null
adam.plager@enron.com	18752	null	null
sacamero@jcpenney.com	18753	null	null
nancy.hernandez@enron.com	18754	null	null
lang1@lhom.com	18755	null	null
imceanotes-ibuyit@enron.com	18756	null	null
ibuyit@enron.com	18756	null	null
v..moreno@enron.com	18757	null	null
stemena@dteenergy.com	18758	null	null
teresa.smith@enron.com	18759	null	null
ellen.konsdorf@enron.com	18760	null	null
martha.braddy@enron.com	18761	null	null
jporter@newpowep.com	18762	null	null
jporter@hess.com	18762	null	null
apster12@uol.com	18763	null	null
palmannouncements.6bzlwkpg.d@insync-palm.com	18764	null	null
cantekin@mail.utexas.edu	18765	null	null
exchangeinfo@nymex.com	18766	null	null
ginger.dernehl@enron.com	18767	null	null
dernehl@enron.com	18767	null	null
hamelv@arentfox.com	18768	null	null
jkjstegall@aol.com	18769	null	null
james.schiro@us.pwcglobal.com	18770	null	null
loftus.patrick@enron.com	18771	null	null
maggiemschf@yahoo.com	18772	null	null
alok.garg@enron.com	18773	null	null
davidson.julie@enron.com	18774	null	null
julie.davidson@enron.com	18774	null	null
dlisk@velaw.com	18775	null	null
gary.a.hanks@enron.com	18776	null	null
wpcashjr@email.msn.com	18777	null	null
wpcashjr@msn.com	18777	null	null
stweed@enron.com	18778	null	null
clarissa.garcia@enron.com	18779	null	null
clarissa_garcia@enron.com	18779	null	null
i3ytqktw@msn.com	18780	null	null
herbl@amerexenergy.com	18781	null	null
kim.mayers@mail.sprint.com	18782	null	null
b19154@freemail.co.za	18783	null	null
juan.camarillo@enron.com	18784	null	null
a@epsa.org	18785	null	null
suntopway01@sina.com	18786	null	null
paul.adair@enron.com	18787	null	null
salmanqureshi@hotmail.com	18788	null	null
roberto.volonte@enron.com	18789	null	null
gmburres@purvingertz.com	18790	null	null
sbodden@mcferrin.com	18791	null	null
marvin.avery@coastalcorp.com	18792	null	null
johnposton@postonyoder.com	18793	null	null
stacey.burnett@enron.com	18794	null	null
james.alexander@enron.com	18795	null	null
kohli@enron.com	18796	null	null
kohli@haas.berkeley.edu	18796	null	null
dmp@enventenergy.com	18797	null	null
williamgtrulove@ev1.net	18798	null	null
jennifer.jordan@enron.com	18799	null	null
teustace@southwind.net	18800	null	null
simon777@home.com	18801	null	null
larry.kellerman@enron.com	18802	null	null
e..campos@enron.com	18803	null	null
dduhon@gardere.com	18804	null	null
michael.nanny@enron.com	18805	null	null
rossella.pagano@gs.com	18806	null	null
dalfonso@hess.com	18807	null	null
laidlaw01@msn.com	18808	null	null
msngamingzone_031611@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	18809	null	null
brian.otis@enron.com	18810	null	null
tabo@xf6.so-net.ne.jp	18811	null	null
customerservice.1302517.25493.1469370@service.potterybarnkids.com	18812	null	null
pgrossman@ffgklaw.com	18813	null	null
jbuffing@westerngas.com	18814	null	null
clemons.amy@enron.com	18815	null	null
clemons@enron.com	18815	null	null
amy.clemons@enron.com	18815	null	null
texasatm@aol.com	18816	null	null
mschopper@houston.org	18817	null	null
michael_h._knapp@aep.com	18818	null	null
gsxinternational@hotmail.com	18819	null	null
dpawlowski@aep.com	18820	null	null
rford@ziffenergy.com	18821	null	null
sctong@earthlink.net	18822	null	null
monique.galassi@prada.com	18823	null	null
jmetress@keyspanenergy.com	18824	null	null
btusux@football.fantasy.sportsline.com	18825	null	null
raymond.shawn@enron.com	18826	null	null
jackie.gentle@enron.com	18827	null	null
steve.ganis@mail.house.gov	18828	null	null
julie.flahaven@enron.com	18829	null	null
cfair@worldnet.att.net	18830	null	null
bill4h56@china.com	18831	null	null
kmalloy@caem.org	18832	null	null
farouk.lalji@enron.com	18833	null	null
jeckroth@br-inc.com	18834	null	null
procurement@hesinet.com	18835	null	null
w..vickers@enron.com	18836	null	null
lynn.seymour@enron.com	18837	null	null
kim.nguyen@enron.com	18838	null	null
executiveadvice@aol.com	18839	null	null
christina.finelli@enron.com	18840	null	null
amiadelets@hotmail.com	18841	null	null
andy.unverzagt@enron.com	18842	null	null
car7895@yahoo.com	18843	null	null
stein.alan@enron.com	18844	null	null
3gsm@informatc.cminteractive.com	18845	null	null
akasha.redrick@enron.com	18846	null	null
quotes-register@yahoo-inc.com	18847	null	null
bert.hernandez@enron.com	18848	null	null
terri.austin@enron.com	18849	null	null
amosher@appanet.org	18850	null	null
melissa.prihoda@enron.com	18851	null	null
anthony.sexton@enron.com	18852	null	null
scott.affelt@enron.com	18853	null	null
nidia.mendoza@enron.com	18854	null	null
efmosey@bpa.gov	18855	null	null
daniel.esty@yale.edu	18856	null	null
msnandwindowsxp_029816@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	18857	null	null
amber.limas@enron.com	18858	null	null
rmoriarity@hotmail.com	18859	null	null
kwol84@hotmail.com	18860	null	null
nbr@hoegh.no	18861	null	null
rhutchison@velaw.com	18862	null	null
rosen.karen@enron.com	18863	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3364@lists.smartmoney.com	18864	null	null
hreasoner@velaw.com	18865	null	null
josef.ackermann@db.com	18866	null	null
424370.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	18867	null	null
jbensko@fortune.com	18868	null	null
all.group@enron.com	18869	null	null
ken.earl@enron.com	18870	null	null
expediafaretracker_028915@expedia.customer-email.com	18871	null	null
cfenner@houston.rr.com	18872	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_033635@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	18873	null	null
auburnandel@yahoo.com	18874	null	null
ginger.bissey@enron.com	18875	null	null
fzenz@mhtc.net	18876	null	null
djunk_epc@yahoo.com	18877	null	null
tkreller@milbank.com	18878	null	null
mike.clifford@enron.com	18879	null	null
possibilities@istaffinggroup.com	18880	null	null
ecn3125b.conf.@enron.com	18881	null	null
steven.bailey@enron.com	18882	null	null
terry.hare@nepco.com	18883	null	null
8773417930@skytel.com	18884	null	null
bjenkins2@houston.rr.com	18885	null	null
direct.assistants@enron.com	18886	null	null
ordonez@shasta.phys.uh.edu	18887	null	null
ordonez@shasta.phys.us.edu	18887	null	null
mbadakad@yahoo.com	18888	null	null
ward.polzin@enron.com	18889	null	null
spiff@mottac.com	18890	null	null
p..reinhardt@enron.com	18891	null	null
40ees@enron.com	18892	null	null
bobbie.moody@enron.com	18893	null	null
besilio@enron.com	18894	null	null
mail.user@enron.com	18895	null	null
reagantgo@aol.com	18896	null	null
anthony_lannie@kindermorgan.com	18897	null	null
l..schrab@enron.com	18898	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5597588-5574353-8dl4q7gr@tumble2.datek.com	18899	null	null
blanchar@haas.berkeley.edu	18900	null	null
mmurphy@llgm.com	18901	null	null
kdonohoo@ercot.com	18902	null	null
b4237@mail.yahoo.co.jp	18903	null	null
users.livelink@enron.com	18904	null	null
joe.robertson@enron.com	18905	null	null
cindy.ward@enron.com	18906	null	null
cccoop@bellsouth.net	18907	null	null
tmcauliff@isda.org	18908	null	null
bgrizzle@capricornholdings.com	18909	null	null
vicki_sandler@apses.com	18910	null	null
sandler.vicki@enron.com	18910	null	null
andylee1981@hkem.com	18911	null	null
lew_g._williams@aep.com	18912	null	null
k..berry@enron.com	18913	null	null
rick.perkins@enron.com	18914	null	null
carla.brooks@enron.com	18915	null	null
cigaraficionado@cigaraficionado.email-publisher.com	18916	null	null
payables.ibuyit@enron.com	18917	null	null
ibuyit.payables@enron.com	18917	null	null
leah.arsdall@enron.com	18918	null	null
dean-deluca@news.deandeluca.com	18919	null	null
szep820pi@flashmail.com	18920	null	null
dhamrick9@aol.com	18921	null	null
_product_development@calpx.com	18922	null	null
carmen.ferrer@csfb.com	18923	null	null
admittedf01evmba@haas.berkeley.edu	18924	null	null
blichte@enron.com	18925	null	null
alexander.mcelreath@enron.com	18926	null	null
mritzman@csc.com	18927	null	null
mustafa.cochinwala@enron.com	18928	null	null
davidmosk@aol.com	18929	null	null
karen.lastovica@enron.com	18930	null	null
dargento@earthlink.com	18931	null	null
mdpalmer@coral-energy.com	18932	null	null
jduff27@hotmail.com	18933	null	null
lynnmg@earthlink.net	18934	null	null
akimball@bracepatt.com	18935	null	null
mchambers@coral-energy.com	18936	null	null
drugo@cyberdude.com	18937	null	null
dat.truong@enron.com	18938	null	null
william.ding@elpaso.com	18939	null	null
judy.beck@enron.com	18940	null	null
444468travelincentives2002@aol.com	18941	null	null
ahartman@cisco.com	18942	null	null
cea_ali@hotmail.com	18943	null	null
francisco.dejesus@enron.com	18944	null	null
vince.kaminsky@enron.com	18945	null	null
brian_j_murphy@fpl.com	18946	null	null
clairej@eurekasoft.com	18947	null	null
monique.salazar@bus.utexas.edu	18948	null	null
leonard.tham@enron.com	18949	null	null
gerber@enron.com	18950	null	null
jonathan.mueller@bus.utexas.edu	18951	null	null
michael.schoenig@enron.com	18952	null	null
enerfaxgold@yahoogroups.com	18953	null	null
troy.henry@enron.com	18954	null	null
rykk@hotmail.com	18955	null	null
cfrieder@estee.com	18956	null	null
allanori@aol.com	18957	null	null
general.announcements@enron.com	18958	null	null
time.dl-ubsw@enron.com	18959	null	null
nera.swisher@enron.com	18960	null	null
cclose@independent.org	18961	null	null
cynthia.gonzalez@enron.com	18962	null	null
william.j.celio@cis.state.mi.us	18963	null	null
scottv@mid.org	18964	null	null
thestartup@aol.com	18965	null	null
rhackman@lehman.com	18966	null	null
millerbrewing@mbco.rs88.net	18967	null	null
zlatica.kraljevic@enron.com	18968	null	null
rkittel@enron.com	18969	null	null
turboman345@excite.com	18970	null	null
schilkes@hotmail.com	18971	null	null
lguzman@enron.com	18972	null	null
ernest.patrikis@aig.com	18973	null	null
glenn.frazier@enron.com	18974	null	null
kc.5076015.170.0@reply.iwov.com	18975	null	null
oppenheimer.'david@enron.com	18976	null	null
ship-confirm@amazon.com	18977	null	null
chmoore1@email.msn.com	18978	null	null
dvermillion@avistaenergy.com	18979	null	null
skelley@bracepatt.com	18980	null	null
paul.tyo.davis@bakernet.com	18981	null	null
m.swider@enron.com	18982	null	null
swider@enron.com	18982	null	null
rboston@enron.com	18983	null	null
jhernan3@enron.com	18984	null	null
john.fortunato@enron.com	18985	null	null
aburrell@utilicorp.com	18986	null	null
mccullou@haas.berkeley.edu	18987	null	null
bkenison@idahopower.com	18988	null	null
gayleys@aol.com	18989	null	null
mwozny@hbs.edu	18990	null	null
lorraine.becker@enron.com	18991	null	null
david.miller@enron.com	18992	null	null
david_miller@eott.com	18992	null	null
brian.shaughnessy@enron.com	18993	null	null
hugo.moreira@enron.com	18994	null	null
mark.harding@cliffordchance.com	18995	null	null
paul.w.juneau@usa.dupont.com	18996	null	null
vanessa.groscrand@enron.com	18997	null	null
ermes.melinchon@enron.com	18998	null	null
blair.lichtenwalter@enron.com	18999	null	null
mxw6@pge.com	19000	null	null
weiss@ncn.com	19001	null	null
goldschier@cs.com	19002	null	null
dsullivan@akll.com	19003	null	null
dsullivan@totalise.co.uk	19003	null	null
daniel.king@enron.com	19004	null	null
marc.phillips@enron.com	19005	null	null
gjack3@hotmail.com	19006	null	null
rosie.castillo@enron.com	19007	null	null
ahuertas@enron.co.uk	19008	null	null
mdove@ev1.net	19009	null	null
cstelzer@avistaenergy.com	19010	null	null
len@shv.com	19011	null	null
v.'.'proctor@enron.com	19012	null	null
crcox@mail.smu.edu	19013	null	null
web.master@americawest.com	19014	null	null
ptszone8521@hotmail.kg	19015	null	null
lauren.hagerty@enron.com	19016	null	null
sbutler@nutrastar.com	19017	null	null
mlangdell@aol.com	19018	null	null
pnance@teknecon.com	19019	null	null
ase@quarles.com	19020	null	null
careed@aep.com	19021	null	null
sharron.cathey@compaq.com	19022	null	null
meredith.stewart@enron.com	19023	null	null
ttdavenport@dow.com	19024	null	null
vistone@yahoo.com	19025	null	null
adeanvideo@earthlink.net	19026	null	null
robert.tilotta@enron.com	19027	null	null
leopoldo_marcial@hotmail.com	19028	null	null
john.tickell@enron.com	19029	null	null
dm-dmcn4-help@dmlogix.com	19030	null	null
migden@enron.com	19031	null	null
marianne.long@travelpark.com	19032	null	null
tony.mayer@enron.com	19033	null	null
lmcnair@nga.org	19034	null	null
david.stratton@axiaenergy.com	19035	null	null
tuckiejeff@hotmail.com	19036	null	null
marcus.edmonds@enron.com	19037	null	null
bheroman@hibernia.com	19038	null	null
tacaton@enron.com	19039	null	null
bortman@haas.berkeley.edu	19040	null	null
uqenowmugh@neo2.neotraffix.com	19041	null	null
mcontant@cypressasset.com	19042	null	null
cecilia.hankamer@enron.com	19043	null	null
gani@ganib.com	19044	null	null
ena.supervisors1@enron.com	19045	null	null
michael.gordon@enron.com	19046	null	null
duozumi@nyc.rr.com	19047	null	null
419899.247696897.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	19048	null	null
anabella.de@enron.com	19049	null	null
fvaracchi@espeed.com	19050	null	null
nick.hiemstra@enron.com	19051	null	null
kenny.bickett@enron.com	19052	null	null
jaquita.crawford@xcelenergy.com	19053	null	null
michael.muskat@enron.com	19054	null	null
lewallen.jana@enron.com	19055	null	null
peters.zee@enron.com	19056	null	null
w.bice@milbank.com	19057	null	null
8941@alltel.net	19058	null	null
cliff.lawrick@enron.com	19059	null	null
allenste@rcn.com	19060	null	null
rob.bradley@enron.com	19061	null	null
taf@choiceenergy.com	19062	null	null
rneely@valuescience.com	19063	null	null
aholland@akingump.com	19064	null	null
sarah.wesner-soong@enron.com	19065	null	null
r-2-145495-3280791-2-3434-uk1-77117bb3@xmr3.com	19066	null	null
carolyn.rothfeld@enron.com	19067	null	null
vanessa.berrios@enron.com	19068	null	null
styarger@hotmail.com	19069	null	null
rinkwater".'"bonnie@enron.com	19070	null	null
jude.rolfes@enron.com	19071	null	null
bugbytes@weatherbug.com	19072	null	null
kristin.cantu@enron.com	19073	null	null
brad.williams@ubsw.com	19074	null	null
smollner@carrfut.com	19075	null	null
smollner@carrfut.cam	19075	null	null
gr5@mail.bb.com.mx	19076	null	null
ddunkelberger@oneok.com	19077	null	null
gwen.williams@enron.com	19078	null	null
jim_yaremko@keyspancanada.com	19079	null	null
plotkin.norman@enron.com	19080	null	null
vchadala@siemens-emis.com	19081	null	null
rod.williams@enron.com	19082	null	null
neerav.nanavaty@enron.com	19083	null	null
hessacres@sprintmail.com	19084	null	null
polo@polo.com	19085	null	null
eastmanjim@cs.com	19086	null	null
huberf@goalamo.com	19087	null	null
lwsp1@aol.com	19088	null	null
jwhited@columbiaenergygroup.com	19089	null	null
ofanjul@omega-capital.com	19090	null	null
david.rawlings@enron.com	19091	null	null
slc1856@sunflower.com	19092	null	null
slc1856@yahoo.com	19092	null	null
agcdu1@triax.com	19093	null	null
malcolm.atherton@enron.com	19094	null	null
tamara.johnson@enron.com	19095	null	null
johnson.tamara@enron.com	19095	null	null
clickrewards.60v5q98g.t@news.clickrewards.com	19096	null	null
info.155@lanebryantmail.com	19097	null	null
tbxs20011120@ombramarketing.com	19098	null	null
youngm@phibro.com	19099	null	null
diana.seifert@enron.com	19100	null	null
amelia.alland@enron.com	19101	null	null
bsifmtwbrj@777.net.cn	19102	null	null
ez6fucv2ssnqd@hotmail.com	19103	null	null
lifequotes@chat.ru	19104	null	null
mary.vasquez@enron.com	19105	null	null
bgardner@theparkingspot.com	19106	null	null
jessica.presas@enron.com	19107	null	null
jeffjoylee@earthlink.net	19108	null	null
herriceu2@tdprs.state.tx.us	19109	null	null
reuben.maltby@enron.com	19110	null	null
randall.alton@enron.com	19111	null	null
christopher.watts@enron.com	19112	null	null
ipanetbriefing@worldbank.org	19113	null	null
dpainter@rwbeck.com	19114	null	null
1800flowers.93690065@s2u2.com	19115	null	null
markg@amerexenergy.com	19116	null	null
markg@cook-inlet.com	19116	null	null
bkalisch@apga.org	19117	null	null
pat_mac@pacbel.net	19118	null	null
42.6291.f3-ljwg_jqg8sexzyjnssrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	19119	null	null
chris.gaskill@enron.com	19120	null	null
kenrcarson@eol.com	19121	null	null
dmaltena@duke-energy.com	19122	null	null
honeebea@hotmail.com	19123	null	null
r..fellers@enron.com	19124	null	null
maximilian.sell@enron.com	19125	null	null
sheila.howard@enron.com	19126	null	null
hancha@earthlink.net	19127	null	null
???????.??????@enron.com	19128	null	null
bethanne.slaughter@enron.com	19129	null	null
bferranti@mbllp.com	19130	null	null
kyona@wanadoo.fr	19131	null	null
jrmccord@insync.net	19132	null	null
reetzr@gtlaw.com	19133	null	null
max.eberts@enron.com	19134	null	null
estokes170@merlinonline.org	19135	null	null
activetrading_text.um.a.1.3983@lists.smartmoney.com	19136	null	null
christopher.jeska@enron.com	19137	null	null
ben.smith@enron.com	19138	null	null
kalen.pieper@enron.com	19139	null	null
shilpa.chunchu@enron.com	19140	null	null
phubbard@boulderwest.com	19141	null	null
yoshikod@hotmail.com	19142	null	null
steve.wood@enron.com	19143	null	null
cthompson@bracepatt.com	19144	null	null
mhunt@co.riverside.ca.us	19145	null	null
kd7r8@msn.com	19146	null	null
sbrawne@ect.enron.com	19147	null	null
asorelle@h-s.com	19148	null	null
bob.bandel@enron.com	19149	null	null
vhuff@swbell.net	19150	null	null
kristen_iles@liverpool.k12.ny.us	19151	null	null
jerryg@questar.com	19152	null	null
ricki.winters@enron.com	19153	null	null
laura.alexander@williams.com	19154	null	null
john_bookout@mckinsey.com	19155	null	null
slgoza@tva.gov	19156	null	null
mailbot@datek.com	19157	null	null
tp081996@talkmatch.com	19158	null	null
bart.monden@enron.com	19159	null	null
peter.abdo@enron.com	19160	null	null
jbradley@svmg.org	19161	null	null
media_grok@reply.thestandard.com	19162	null	null
nrive@opic.gov	19163	null	null
pisciotta@enron.com	19164	null	null
gfriedmann@ingaa.org	19165	null	null
vdhart@lotusllc.com	19166	null	null
houston.kerri@enron.com	19167	null	null
c7@mailman.enron.com	19168	null	null
memberlist-owner@scottpaul.com	19169	null	null
memberlist@scottpaul.com	19169	null	null
gdavis42149@yahoo.com	19170	null	null
tom.briggs@enron.com	19171	null	null
t.briggs@enron.com	19171	null	null
rbetonte@socalgas.com	19172	null	null
ann.s.chen@accenture.com	19173	null	null
stock.alert@crmems.com	19174	null	null
limpert@ncqa.org	19175	null	null
heather.dunton@enron.com	19176	null	null
rcloward@avistacorp.com	19177	null	null
william.mathews@enron.com	19178	null	null
sharonda.stephens@enron.com	19179	null	null
tina.m.patton@boeing.com	19180	null	null
claudette.harvey@enron.com	19181	null	null
mike.pryor@travelpark.com	19182	null	null
lafuze@enron.com	19183	null	null
tandra.coleman@enron.com	19184	null	null
ginebert@energiemaclaren.com	19185	null	null
jmwspe@bendnet.com	19186	null	null
zerke.fred@enron.com	19187	null	null
wgriffin@intergen.com	19188	null	null
mrslinda@lplpi.com	19189	null	null
stuart.alcroft@enron.com	19190	null	null
networkcommerce-tbsw20020201@ombramarketing.com	19191	null	null
michael.ranz@enron.com	19192	null	null
julman@cantor.com	19193	null	null
michael.corley@elpaso.com	19194	null	null
dbennett@technip.com	19195	null	null
jlynch@velaw.com	19196	null	null
jlynch@powermerchants.com	19196	null	null
kathryn.thomas@enron.com	19197	null	null
jtackett@abacustech.net	19198	null	null
oren@ieor.berkeley.edu	19199	null	null
tara.turk@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	19200	null	null
adam.dyerson@gfinet.com	19201	null	null
mfortuna@tfsbrokers.com	19202	null	null
roberto.schloesser@enron.com	19203	null	null
esager@enron.com	19204	null	null
ccambell@kslaw.com	19205	null	null
ted.bland@enron.com	19206	null	null
john.perrone@bgehome.com	19207	null	null
erisks_news@email.erisks.com	19208	null	null
rwheo@yahoo.com	19209	null	null
virginia.l.book@conoco.com	19210	null	null
rita.houston@enron.com	19211	null	null
yellonero@mail.ev1.net	19212	null	null
tjaeckle@jaecklewholesale.com	19213	null	null
dan.prudenti@enron.com	19214	null	null
lrussell@kimballresources.com	19215	null	null
sabrina.minnis@enron.com	19216	null	null
474154.86351074.2@1.americanexpress.com	19217	null	null
jeffrey.a.shankman@enron.com	19218	null	null
kecook@earthlink.net	19219	null	null
t_carpenter@br-inc.com	19220	null	null
stella.chan@enron.com	19221	null	null
sbramlet@utilicorp.com	19222	null	null
max.kelly@enron.com	19223	null	null
myzagui@ect.enron.com	19224	null	null
john.geresi@tdsecurities.com	19225	null	null
michelle.hargrave@enron.com	19226	null	null
brenda.flores-cuellar@enron.com	19227	null	null
fenner'.'molly@enron.com	19228	null	null
tyesha.woods@enron.com	19229	null	null
8772371787@pagenetmessage.net	19230	null	null
cgaffne@enron.com	19231	null	null
dcweiner@hahnlaw.com	19232	null	null
eyehampton@aol.com	19233	null	null
saveus2@wrc.avis.com	19234	null	null
danielle.myles@kvaerner.com	19235	null	null
amanda.talbot@enron.com	19236	null	null
edward.anderson@enron.com	19237	null	null
e.anderson@enron.com	19237	null	null
e..anderson@enron.com	19237	null	null
dlld@pge.com	19238	null	null
erik.hansen@enron.com	19239	null	null
cryan@lsu.edu	19240	null	null
janicermoore@hotmail.com	19241	null	null
christie.patrick@enron.com	19242	null	null
christie_patrick@enron.com	19242	null	null
handley.george@enron.com	19243	null	null
cwelsh@llgm.com	19244	null	null
wtoriello@brookvillestaffing.com	19245	null	null
ames_mcdonnell@matthewscott.com	19246	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_031651@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	19247	null	null
gary.bryan@enron.com	19248	null	null
allen.elliott@enron.com	19249	null	null
bouncing98@hotmail.com	19250	null	null
chance.rabon@enron.com	19251	null	null
gerry_kurtz@keyspancanada.com	19252	null	null
perry.bender@enron.com	19253	null	null
ross.prevatt@enron.com	19254	null	null
cjewell@bcm.tmc.edu	19255	null	null
bingham_alpheus@lilly.com	19256	null	null
sburger@lcra.org	19257	null	null
dan.junek@enron.com	19258	null	null
david.minns@enron.com	19259	null	null
martin.burchett@enron.com	19260	null	null
tracy.foy@enron.com	19261	null	null
customersupport@clickpaper.com	19262	null	null
customersupport@factiva.rsc01.com	19262	null	null
customersupport@pogo.com	19262	null	null
donald.solomon@enron.com	19263	null	null
renewals@register.com	19264	null	null
fairleyd@pipeline.com	19265	null	null
kmclark@cinternet.net	19266	null	null
kstern@velaw.com	19267	null	null
joellising@ca.slr.com	19268	null	null
netsaaversv@info.aa.com	19269	null	null
best.customers@mailman.enron.com	19270	null	null
steve.hardy@enron.com	19271	null	null
raatz@enron.com	19272	null	null
networkcommerce-rcah20011227@ombramarketing.com	19273	null	null
tim.neumin@willims.com	19274	null	null
transportation@energy.ca.gov	19275	null	null
amitava@enron.com	19276	null	null
jtlaib@srpnet.com	19277	null	null
smiddleton@ercot.com	19278	null	null
angela.morris@enron.com	19279	null	null
sbrown11@houston.rr.com	19280	null	null
hoxha@rainbow.physics.tamu.edu	19281	null	null
lachandra.fenceroy@enron.com	19282	null	null
robert.hemstock@enron.com	19283	null	null
regina.brincefield@enron.com	19284	null	null
sibyl.peyer@gs.com	19285	null	null
amnuaysak.thoonsiri@ect.ericsson.se	19286	null	null
jose.reis@enron.com	19287	null	null
larry.cash@enron.com	19288	null	null
moxiemorph@animail.net	19289	null	null
hkernkam@co.riverside.ca.us	19290	null	null
keesler@enron.com	19291	null	null
wallat.christine@enron.com	19292	null	null
jallen2@enron.com	19293	null	null
eric.ledain@enron.com	19294	null	null
phil.j.crosby@accenture.com	19295	null	null
murilo.hyai@enron.com	19296	null	null
dmillar@nisource.com	19297	null	null
dditto@hollandhart.com	19298	null	null
kraisler@sc.com	19299	null	null
gaswidensky@duke-energy.com	19300	null	null
sarah.haden@enron.com	19301	null	null
dinahrih@aol.com	19302	null	null
minako.yamada@enron.com	19303	null	null
cbi_mail@igate.cbinet.com	19304	null	null
tchuckel@eassist.com	19305	null	null
kim.olinger@enron.com	19306	null	null
maureen.palmer@enron.com	19307	null	null
jacques.theodas@enron.com	19308	null	null
5fhub@watsonwyatt.com	19309	null	null
bev.max@enron.com	19310	null	null
grogers@wcnet.net	19311	null	null
miki.kolobara@pinnaclewest.com	19312	null	null
b.beaty@enron.com	19313	null	null
cddorlan@telusplanet.net	19314	null	null
matt.anderson@enron.com	19315	null	null
thedolan@yahoo.com	19316	null	null
ftd.com@mail2.ftdi.com	19317	null	null
cedkao@aol.com	19318	null	null
cehillen@aol.com	19319	null	null
colin_poontip@hotmail.com	19320	null	null
attila.pazmandi@enron.com	19321	null	null
foxylaura@surfmk.com	19322	null	null
turney.claire@enron.com	19323	null	null
tantra.invedy@enron.com	19324	null	null
mike.westbeld@enron.com	19325	null	null
hh10_121694@adp1.cbdr.com	19326	null	null
maddoglong@hotmail.com	19327	null	null
wpenland@cbrichardellis.com	19328	null	null
evans.steve@enron.com	19329	null	null
jdrmedia1@lists.em5000.com	19330	null	null
powermaster@cummins.com	19331	null	null
jhartley@g7group-ny.com	19332	null	null
adonnelly@prmllp.com	19333	null	null
seth.spalding@epoch.com	19334	null	null
debra.young@enron.com	19335	null	null
forrest.lane@enron.com	19336	null	null
sarahberry819@yahoo.com	19337	null	null
craig.childers@enron.com	19338	null	null
barry.sangster@enron.com	19339	null	null
talk2nixon@hotmail.com	19340	null	null
apelton@milbank.com	19341	null	null
williams.ltd@attcanada.net	19342	null	null
bbischo@enron.com	19343	null	null
ehronline.mailing@enron.com	19344	null	null
.casaudoumecq@enron.com	19345	null	null
bradsherman@sbcglobal.net	19346	null	null
tjones3@ect.enron.com	19347	null	null
tjones3@notes.enron.com	19347	null	null
sarabeth.smith@enron.com	19348	null	null
mgdolfin@yahoo.com	19349	null	null
denka.wangdi@enron.com	19350	null	null
alisha.mahabir@enron.com	19351	null	null
mblaine@enron.com	19352	null	null
adam.borison@us.pwcglobal.com	19353	null	null
skarpinen@caiso.com	19354	null	null
42.9193.60-oqotos2_uuuc0jd0-rrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	19355	null	null
ecn47c1.conf.@enron.com	19356	null	null
c_r_zander@enron.com	19357	null	null
wbarbee@enron.com	19358	null	null
norma.petry@enron.com	19359	null	null
david.frost@enron.com	19360	null	null
rmmdog@earthlink.net	19361	null	null
hbr.2541@hbr.ed10.net	19362	null	null
cassiezh@ou.edu	19363	null	null
jlkiley@pacbell.net	19364	null	null
mfkeeth@shellus.com	19365	null	null
bwillia@ect.enron.com	19366	null	null
bill.casey@enron.com	19367	null	null
bill_casey@pgn.com	19367	null	null
geoff.storey@enron.com	19368	null	null
ehuber@sricrm.com	19369	null	null
glenn.mcinnes@managementvitality.com	19370	null	null
reubenschug@yahoo.com	19371	null	null
kzgnpar@msn.com	19372	null	null
jan.sutherland@enron.com	19373	null	null
neil.leininger@enron.com	19374	null	null
nkline@bcm.tmc.edu	19375	null	null
glenn.west@weil.com	19376	null	null
ranjini.lakshman@enron.com	19377	null	null
ellen.schubert@ubsw.com	19378	null	null
cwfinch@flash.net	19379	null	null
smarcel@duke-energy.com	19380	null	null
michael.mcgarry@enron.com	19381	null	null
jjohnston2@houston.rr.com	19382	null	null
iqpc@processrequest.com	19383	null	null
ed.zabrocki@msdw.com	19384	null	null
instinet_announcements@instinet.exactis.com	19385	null	null
mreid@ushamartinus.com	19386	null	null
mreid@socalgas.com	19386	null	null
fourknees@msn.com	19387	null	null
james.davis@enron.com	19388	null	null
c.measom@tjmhou.com	19389	null	null
lhyme@utilicorp.com	19390	null	null
kmbain@earthlink.net	19391	null	null
rvillarreal@browngay.com	19392	null	null
richard.toubia@truequote.com	19393	null	null
customoffers@customoffers.com	19394	null	null
boris1534@cnuslujlbip.yahoo.com	19395	null	null
dominque.ristori@cec.eu.int	19396	null	null
greg.johnston@enron.com	19397	null	null
kconrad@nyiso.com	19398	null	null
lerea.pharr@enron.com	19399	null	null
'lerea.pharr'@enron.com	19399	null	null
thecooptnetwork@opt-in.coopt.com	19400	null	null
genel@nepco.com	19401	null	null
noseff@enron.com	19402	null	null
cashexperts@sweepsclub.com	19403	null	null
bo.barnwell@enron.com	19404	null	null
bradford.brooks@enron.com	19405	null	null
sleepingdog@mn.rr.com	19406	null	null
jason.woodward@enron.com	19407	null	null
elpresto24@aol.com	19408	null	null
dl.-.pay.advise@enron.com	19409	null	null
tabors@tca-us.com	19410	null	null
emsi@ym1.net	19411	null	null
emsi@processrequest.com	19411	null	null
karen.hedley@enron.com	19412	null	null
rusty_hawkins@hotmail.com	19413	null	null
newstrial@energycentral.com	19414	null	null
cag9783@labs.tamu.edu	19415	null	null
joseph.nieten@enron.com	19416	null	null
pnemec@msn.com	19417	null	null
carmen.chavira@enron.com	19418	null	null
jlshepherd@coral-energy.com	19419	null	null
jack.boatman@enron.com	19420	null	null
rnau@mail.duke.edu	19421	null	null
astrid.montes@powerpool.ab.ca	19422	null	null
alan_taylor@anadarko.com	19423	null	null
sweetvel@hotmail.com	19424	null	null
doug.wood@enron.com	19425	null	null
amaniar@houstontech.org	19426	null	null
tajmajulie@aol.com	19427	null	null
misty.barrett@enron.com	19428	null	null
todd.ingalls@enron.com	19429	null	null
lberto@duologica.com	19430	null	null
vikram.shrivastava@nsc.com	19431	null	null
william.lafuze@enron.com	19432	null	null
z34655	19433	null	null
kesha.clark@enron.com	19434	null	null
p4gallery@earthlink.net	19435	null	null
flspvhofldug@hotmail.com	19436	null	null
smerz@mreconsulting.com	19437	null	null
outlet-news@amazon.com	19438	null	null
peitulsa@aol.com	19439	null	null
businessweek_online@clickaction.net	19440	null	null
businessweek@clickaction.net	19440	null	null
lstavinoha@themedlehgroup.com	19441	null	null
sae2002@wpi.edu	19442	null	null
rolynwest4@dfb.se	19443	null	null
jdbirdwhistell@yahoo.com	19444	null	null
kabennick@aep.com	19445	null	null
whannaford@nwppc.org	19446	null	null
bernard_loyd@mckinsey.com	19447	null	null
robert.stalford@enron.com	19448	null	null
michael.westbrock@williams.com	19449	null	null
6gc86@msn.com	19450	null	null
ukee@infocastinc.com	19451	null	null
hopkins.alison@enron.com	19452	null	null
psierer@pwrteam.com	19453	null	null
princband@yahoo.com	19454	null	null
robert.smoot@enron.com	19455	null	null
bani.arora@enron.com	19456	null	null
jasbarnes@compuserve.com	19457	null	null
bob.kahn@austinenergy.com	19458	null	null
gjcarter@bpa.gov	19459	null	null
matthew.duffy@enron.com	19460	null	null
gwdorsey@aol.com	19461	null	null
sabine.schnittger@frontier-economics.com	19462	null	null
ray.alvarez@ei.enron.com	19463	null	null
ray.alvarez@scbbs-bo.com	19463	null	null
ray.alvarez@enron.com	19463	null	null
alvarez.ray@enron.com	19463	null	null
amber.walker@truequote.com	19464	null	null
a..walker@enron.com	19464	null	null
martin.mcdermott@enron.com	19465	null	null
kgarton@ou.edu	19466	null	null
wishbook@specials.sears.com	19467	null	null
alaska.web@alaskaair.com	19468	null	null
astaude@iirltd.co.uk	19469	null	null
loretta.mcgowan@enron.com	19470	null	null
rhaygood@darbylaw.com	19471	null	null
chris.connelly@enron.com	19472	null	null
hallb@gtlaw.com	19473	null	null
valuable.customer@mailman.enron.com	19474	null	null
freetrial2@listserver.eei.org	19475	null	null
yrdacj8h78@msn.com	19476	null	null
jacquelyn.matthews@enron.com	19477	null	null
eugenegene.larson@enron.com	19478	null	null
internalmarketing@intcx.com	19479	null	null
linda.stewart@constellation.com	19480	null	null
linda.stewart@powersrc.com	19480	null	null
julie.haviland@painewebber.com	19481	null	null
julie.haviland@ubspainewebber.com	19481	null	null
jhutchis@carbon.cudenver.edu	19482	null	null
akiko.higaki@enron.com	19483	null	null
daniel.quezada@enron.com	19484	null	null
herbert_molina@juno.com	19485	null	null
mike.mcconnel@enron.com	19486	null	null
mike.mcconnel@enron.net	19486	null	null
banner_subs_27y62@email.com	19487	null	null
michael.popkin@enron.com	19488	null	null
pacondit@hotmail.com	19489	null	null
johnny.parker@enron.com	19490	null	null
shg@cpuc.ca.gov	19491	null	null
grector@reliant.com	19492	null	null
david.parquet@enron.com	19493	null	null
hsalisbu@enron.com	19494	null	null
joyce.viltz@enron.com	19495	null	null
mcausholli@hotmail.com	19496	null	null
martin.penkwitz@enron.com	19497	null	null
sarah.bruck@enron.com	19498	null	null
core1111@go.com	19499	null	null
johnodam@goforthlewis.com	19500	null	null
dperlin@enron.com	19501	null	null
viqgi@mail.iupi.pt	19502	null	null
corinna.bolender@enron.com	19503	null	null
bwilliamsjr4@attbi.com	19504	null	null
internet-html@emazing.com	19505	null	null
ajit.gill@enron.com	19506	null	null
jrb@nwnatural.com	19507	null	null
motaylor@grantthornton.ca	19508	null	null
alan.black@enron.com	19509	null	null
ssorrels_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	19510	null	null
libby.gawith@enron.com	19511	null	null
bear@specsonline.com	19512	null	null
pioneer@piol.com	19513	null	null
a10893@home.ro	19514	null	null
trueheart'.'cynthia@enron.com	19515	null	null
jeff.gooden@compaq.com	19516	null	null
ahmad.farooqi@enron.com	19517	null	null
listannounceto@dmband.com	19518	null	null
jducote@enron.com	19519	null	null
dlaycock@mail.utexas.edu	19520	null	null
amy.krone@enron.com	19521	null	null
bobgomez@hal-pc.org	19522	null	null
czolezzi@hotmail.com	19523	null	null
villanuevad@gtlaw.com	19524	null	null
mary.ogden@enron.com	19525	null	null
jhitchi@hotmail.com	19526	null	null
dona_gussow@fpl.com	19527	null	null
al.maawali@enron.com	19528	null	null
eireland@foleylaw.com	19529	null	null
susan.poole@enron.com	19530	null	null
hast.millie@enron.com	19531	null	null
carlin.jane@enron.com	19532	null	null
jbudd@npcc.org	19533	null	null
susan.bulgawicz@enron.com	19534	null	null
tgh8976@restructuringtoday.com	19535	null	null
bible-html@emazing.com	19536	null	null
alan.bransgrove@xemkt.com	19537	null	null
alan.bransgrove.@enron.com	19537	null	null
edward.valcourt@enron.com	19538	null	null
tfulton@russellreynolds.com	19539	null	null
mromand@enron.com	19540	null	null
weaverbh@kenyon.edu	19541	null	null
rmiron@bear.com	19542	null	null
crankin@velaw.com	19543	null	null
courtney_abernathy@yahoo.com	19544	null	null
courtney.abernathy@gecapital.com	19544	null	null
commerce_opspagemaster@dell.com	19545	null	null
sksperling@aol.com	19546	null	null
bgrowney@gunder.com	19547	null	null
b1fargo@aol.com	19548	null	null
rafael.medina@enron.com	19549	null	null
carol.hensley@enron.com	19550	null	null
lee.baker@enron.com	19551	null	null
kwonstolen@earthlink.net	19552	null	null
howmarsh@gateway.net	19553	null	null
randy.bryan@enron.com	19554	null	null
jon.cathers@enron.com	19555	null	null
mikestubbe@hotmail.com	19556	null	null
jennifer.milligan@enron.com	19557	null	null
dchew@sternstewart.com	19558	null	null
ramchand@uh.edu	19559	null	null
ramchand@jetson.uh.edu	19559	null	null
daniel_jenuwine@quickenloans.com	19560	null	null
cathy.houda@enron.com	19561	null	null
dchampagne@uh.edu	19562	null	null
jansen'.'alicia@enron.com	19563	null	null
mpugh@mwe.com	19564	null	null
mmccoy@enron.com	19565	null	null
mmccoy@aep.com	19565	null	null
insidenytimes@nytimes.com	19566	null	null
cclowes@risk.co.uk	19567	null	null
james.bryja@enron.com	19568	null	null
tesssch30@hotmail.com	19569	null	null
paul.clayton@enron.com	19570	null	null
maiser@wscc.com	19571	null	null
ssmgranmayeh@msn.com	19572	null	null
greg_knudtson@enron.net	19573	null	null
ferazzi@emirecruiting.com	19574	null	null
ferazzi@emrecruiting.com	19574	null	null
gprescott@aep.com	19575	null	null
kerry.stroup@enron.com	19576	null	null
tamara_wieder@hotmail.com	19577	null	null
yammer2489@pojn.yahoo.com	19578	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.4003@lists.smartmoney.com	19579	null	null
christian.yoder@enron.com	19580	null	null
everyone_in_calgary_ed@enron.com	19581	null	null
football@fantasygames.go.com	19582	null	null
football@cnnsi.com	19582	null	null
football@sportadvisors.com	19582	null	null
corey.hollander@enron.com	19583	null	null
piwg@ercot.com	19584	null	null
marc.poulson@enron.com	19585	null	null
luigical@rice.edu	19586	null	null
ravi.padiyar@enron.com	19587	null	null
solardc@bellatlantic.net	19588	null	null
allison_wright@computerworld.com	19589	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3786.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	19590	null	null
bsunsurf@aol.com	19591	null	null
lenos.trigeorgis@enron.com	19592	null	null
lenos.trigeorgis@rogroup.com	19592	null	null
lenos.trigeorgis@gsb.uchicago.edu	19592	null	null
pwesson@astraoil.com	19593	null	null
wnmckenz@southernco.com	19594	null	null
b.palmer@enron.com	19595	null	null
ernesto_chapa@hotmail.com	19596	null	null
joseph.lippeatt@enron.com	19597	null	null
m000119@canada.com	19598	null	null
wcmarshall@aep.com	19599	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.1328.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	19600	null	null
anders.glader@greenmountain.com	19601	null	null
subscription-ack@denverpost.publishmail.com	19602	null	null
shinko@isda.org	19603	null	null
john.j.stauffacher@dynegy.com	19604	null	null
don.adam@enron.com	19605	null	null
mcneil-keister@enron.com	19606	null	null
20employees@caiso.com	19607	null	null
nancy.bagot@dynegy.com	19608	null	null
nancy.bagot@enron.com	19608	null	null
cannsteele@aol.com	19609	null	null
joe_b_fulmer@comerica.com	19610	null	null
techsupport@money.net	19611	null	null
techsupport@amunet.edu	19611	null	null
bellm@louisdreyfus.com	19612	null	null
kate.fraser@enron.com	19613	null	null
ejones363@attbi.com	19614	null	null
rthompson@nyiso.com	19615	null	null
franklevy@fairair.com	19616	null	null
sue.vasan@enron.com	19617	null	null
ktu95a3119@yahoo.com	19618	null	null
'lmco.com@enron.com	19619	null	null
andrea.stein@robertwalters.com	19620	null	null
pesot.jeff@enron.com	19621	null	null
jeff.pesot@verso.com	19621	null	null
steven.norm@enron.com	19622	null	null
martha.reyna@enron.com	19623	null	null
nkelly@houston.rr.com	19624	null	null
anjam.ahmad@enron.com	19625	null	null
hottodayfutures@ctstrader.com	19626	null	null
dwagman@ftenergy.com	19627	null	null
winnhg@pol.net	19628	null	null
robr@starsupply.com	19629	null	null
do-it-now@hey.letskeepintouch.com	19630	null	null
dave.hill@enron.com	19631	null	null
mwindmiller@caiso.com	19632	null	null
sgoodel@columbiaenergygroup.com	19633	null	null
margiec@networkinterstate.com	19634	null	null
richard.stein@bankofamerica.com	19635	null	null
magnolia3@earthlink.net	19636	null	null
michael.e.baer@accenture.com	19637	null	null
cnorth@houston.rr.com	19638	null	null
stephen.gray@enron.com	19639	null	null
widmer.gilbert@enron.com	19640	null	null
dave.marquardt@enron.com	19641	null	null
charlie.crossley@enron.com	19642	null	null
buckles.sanford@epenergy.com	19643	null	null
sabine.pelan@enron.com	19644	null	null
maria.sandoval@enron.com	19645	null	null
thomas.suffield@enron.com	19646	null	null
owner-eveningmba@haas.berkeley.edu	19647	null	null
eveningmba@haas.berkeley.edu	19647	null	null
wietze.dingeldein@enron.com	19648	null	null
'michael.middleton@enron.com	19649	null	null
james.maguire@enron.com	19650	null	null
acope@hess.com	19651	null	null
amore889@yahoo.com	19652	null	null
steve.comstock@enron.com	19653	null	null
cburreson@hotmail.com	19654	null	null
awills@velaw.com	19655	null	null
s7iztsnvb21j@hotmail.com	19656	null	null
lafontaine@bankofamerica.com	19657	null	null
lafontaine@enron.com	19657	null	null
'lafontaine@enron.com	19657	null	null
hborow@meyerorlando.com	19658	null	null
lisalynch@earthlink.net	19659	null	null
steve.hooser@enron.com	19660	null	null
laurie.l.johnson@williams.com	19661	null	null
david.l.johnson@enron.com	19661	null	null
albino.lopez@enron.com	19662	null	null
robert.allwein@enron.com	19663	null	null
mwhitehair8th@hotmail.com	19664	null	null
kathy_gerken@cargill.com	19665	null	null
littlek@mainsale.com	19666	null	null
soulkaren@hotmail.com	19667	null	null
cheryl.whittaker@usa.xerox.com	19668	null	null
dboone@amerenenergy.com	19669	null	null
craig.brown@enron.com	19670	null	null
chris.reedy@enron.com	19671	null	null
plarue@iconconsultants.com	19672	null	null
deiching@enron.com	19673	null	null
lsimbalist@yorkton.com	19674	null	null
richard.harper@enron.com	19675	null	null
epurtzki@deloitte.ca	19676	null	null
m.lowes@jenkins.com	19677	null	null
ca.pagers@enron.com	19678	null	null
hoyi7466@flashmail.com	19679	null	null
cferguso@llgm.com	19680	null	null
carolyn.barrett@enron.com	19681	null	null
jarrod.haughn@enron.com	19682	null	null
haughn@enron.com	19682	null	null
lipsen@cisco.com	19683	null	null
john.larsen@enron.com	19684	null	null
reminders@classifieds.excitecorp.com	19685	null	null
drosenbl@skadden.com	19686	null	null
cfraser@hunton.com	19687	null	null
jennifer.stevenson@us.andersen.com	19688	null	null
stevenson@aperc.ieej.or.jp	19688	null	null
jennifer.stevenson@enron.com	19688	null	null
spears.walt@enron.com	19689	null	null
jbennet@gmssr.com	19690	null	null
harald.jensen@enron.com	19691	null	null
nknight@riskwaters.com	19692	null	null
wk@transcarriers.com	19693	null	null
crawford.kevin@enron.com	19694	null	null
jkgreene@reliant.com	19695	null	null
cary.shaw@bcbsma.com	19696	null	null
suzanna.strangmeier@ipgdirect.com	19697	null	null
vmartinez@winstead.com	19698	null	null
michele.marvin@enron.com	19699	null	null
f6203@mail.pt	19700	null	null
frank_vela@enron.net	19701	null	null
frank.vela@enron.com	19701	null	null
vincent.weir@ubspainewebber.com	19702	null	null
ksulliv2@azurix.com	19703	null	null
peter.forward@pacificcmi.com	19704	null	null
shanna.boudreaux@enron.com	19705	null	null
david.maxwell@enron.com	19706	null	null
b..hunt@enron.com	19707	null	null
mike.ted@enron.com	19708	null	null
ernstafht.w@nypa.gov	19709	null	null
roger.fragua@enron.com	19710	null	null
res0hxra@verizon.net	19711	null	null
jdoggx420@hotmail.com	19712	null	null
pat.hoag@colaik.com	19713	null	null
min528@samsung.co.kr	19714	null	null
tony.perry@enron.com	19715	null	null
dale.clark@enron.com	19716	null	null
rondaj@hotmail.com	19717	null	null
jpsynnott@duke-energy.com	19718	null	null
mayor@ci.houston.tx.us	19719	null	null
mario.alonso@enron.com	19720	null	null
genady.batrak@enron.com	19721	null	null
debba1353@aol.com	19722	null	null
beth.apke@enron.com	19723	null	null
murthy.rao@enron.com	19724	null	null
byron.w.ellis@aexp.com	19725	null	null
meridetk@kochind.com	19726	null	null
tedbockius@spherion.com	19727	null	null
olabowale.gbadamosi@enron.com	19728	null	null
scaraway@txu.com	19729	null	null
john_miller@customoffers.com	19730	null	null
lhuddleston@university-health-sys.com	19731	null	null
ed.quinn@enron.com	19732	null	null
alex.mcleish@enron.com	19733	null	null
all-hou.dl-bus@enron.com	19734	null	null
forma@gol.com	19735	null	null
josh.mayes@enron.com	19736	null	null
rgruber@cisco.com	19737	null	null
counciloftheamericas@as-coa.org	19738	null	null
casio1122002@yahoo.com	19739	null	null
nelson.cunningham@verizon.net	19740	null	null
mrmonagan@aol.com	19741	null	null
john.curtin@enron.com	19742	null	null
n..gray@enron.com	19743	null	null
matt.gillaspie@brentonbank.com	19744	null	null
ken.dunsmore@enron.com	19745	null	null
global.list@enron.com	19746	null	null
r.n.m.duin@rikz.rws.minvenw.nl	19747	null	null
doug.mcdowell@enron.com	19748	null	null
sispo@i-france.com	19749	null	null
lfr@josephrichards.com	19750	null	null
e..lindsey@enron.com	19751	null	null
bmpowell@shaw.ca	19752	null	null
neil.kenley@enron.com	19753	null	null
larry.hunter@enron.com	19754	null	null
ckyle@enron.com	19755	null	null
ron.gaskey@enron.com	19756	null	null
nedre.strambler@enron.com	19757	null	null
sstphen@up.com	19758	null	null
fitzsimmonsp@sbcglobal.net	19759	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5275417-5252181-95vx2ldn@tumble2.datek.com	19760	null	null
a-l-brian@fred.masterpage.com.pl	19761	null	null
christina.johnson@enron.com	19762	null	null
mattpalo@aol.com	19763	null	null
ologuru@yahoo.com	19764	null	null
weulrich@aol.com	19765	null	null
lynn.mcconnell@williams.com	19766	null	null
monica.butler@enron.com	19767	null	null
lenicebrown@dontech.com	19768	null	null
loglodge@hotmail.com	19769	null	null
priscilla.hamic@enron.com	19770	null	null
wichai.narongwanich@enron.com	19771	null	null
wichai@engin.umich.edu	19771	null	null
christopher.a.williams@dynegy.com	19772	null	null
etrade@esurvey.0mm.com	19773	null	null
corpcarter@enron.com	19774	null	null
japplegate@houstonstreet.com	19775	null	null
jimmy.simien@enron.com	19776	null	null
benjamin.huxen@enron.com	19777	null	null
osawsl5dcn@hotmail.com	19778	null	null
ssemlitz@hess.com	19779	null	null
cynthia.gin@enron.com	19780	null	null
gin@enron.com	19780	null	null
john.palmisano@enron.com	19781	null	null
ablovins@rmi.com	19782	null	null
wayne.alan@enron.com	19783	null	null
kreinbring@yahoo.com	19784	null	null
jgardine@skadden.com	19785	null	null
chuckrutt@hotmail.com	19786	null	null
10182829@mbox.surecom.com	19787	null	null
kelly_trout@scotia-mcleod.com	19788	null	null
howling@mash4077.com	19789	null	null
mccarthy.catherine@enron.com	19790	null	null
gjb2@pge.com	19791	null	null
mkorn@nymex.com	19792	null	null
sprenger@alumni.utexas.net	19793	null	null
sprenger@mail.utexas.net	19793	null	null
proctors@phelps.com	19794	null	null
kkopelman@bear.com	19795	null	null
jwills@houston.rr.com	19796	null	null
marketing.**internal@enron.com	19797	null	null
tanzaniasun@yahoo.com	19798	null	null
harvey.harmon@elpaso.com	19799	null	null
smolek@haas.berkeley.edu	19800	null	null
mjmiller23@hotmail.com	19801	null	null
r1uzbjfpwja@polbox.com	19802	null	null
adriana.wynn@enron.com	19803	null	null
jkeller@enron.com	19804	null	null
jkeller@ect.enron.com	19804	null	null
kutner.marc@enron.com	19805	null	null
xchgmbx_twteam@enron.com	19806	null	null
lyncher40@hotmail.com	19807	null	null
pdalecka@hotmail.com	19808	null	null
jrybandt@yahoo.com	19809	null	null
richard.quek@enron.com	19810	null	null
misty.robinson@enform.com	19811	null	null
jcrable@tristargas.com	19812	null	null
liz.taylor@enron.com	19813	null	null
cte@eslawfirm.com	19814	null	null
chris.blizard@enron.com	19815	null	null
michael_jessop@dom.com	19816	null	null
sunsetus88@mail.uole.com.ve	19817	null	null
onlinebill@swbell.com	19818	null	null
onlinebill@geicocc.echomail.com	19818	null	null
wam@mrwassoc.com	19819	null	null
greg.porter@enron.com	19820	null	null
greg.porter@dynegy.com	19820	null	null
mario.cardoso@enron.com	19821	null	null
scrilla364@aol.com	19822	null	null
michael.young@enron.com	19823	null	null
michael.young@northwestern.com	19823	null	null
charles.ballmer@enron.com	19824	null	null
paul.radous@enron.com	19825	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_052401@airmail.continental.com	19826	null	null
pramsey@midamerican.com	19827	null	null
janell_dye@hotmail.com	19828	null	null
dye'.'janell@enron.com	19828	null	null
kgs@teamlead.com	19829	null	null
timalcott@yahoo.com	19830	null	null
fruiztagle@gerencia.cmpc.cl	19831	null	null
2.3888.19-pacmoeyngl7m.1@cda01.cdnow.com	19832	null	null
rhawki@epelectric.com	19833	null	null
petersj@kochind.com	19834	null	null
jwatson2@nwdiagnostic.com	19835	null	null
ctran@semprasolutions.com	19836	null	null
erik.solis@ubspainewebber.com	19837	null	null
erik.solis@painewebber.com	19837	null	null
linnstaedtlewis@houston.rr.com	19838	null	null
charles.harrell@weil.com	19839	null	null
gabreim@earthlink.net	19840	null	null
al.church@acnenergy.com	19841	null	null
bootes@plainsgt.org	19842	null	null
robert.anthony@brookwoods.com	19843	null	null
erica.fields@enron.com	19844	null	null
harold_tamayo@merck.com	19845	null	null
scooley@bowstreet.com	19846	null	null
owner-pjm-customer-info@pjm.com	19847	null	null
tomskilljr@aol.com	19848	null	null
tomskilljr@enron.com	19848	null	null
itax@godaddy.com	19849	null	null
abuckley@wutc.wa.gov	19850	null	null
rskerik1@txu.com	19851	null	null
turnergerry@bek.com	19852	null	null
goodnews@news-review.co.uk	19853	null	null
goodnews@always.safemailtoyou.com	19853	null	null
carraway@watervalley.net	19854	null	null
priscilla.babilonia@orionpowerny.com	19855	null	null
dfeehan@apexprop.com	19856	null	null
cengel@apk.net	19857	null	null
charles.delacey@enron.com	19858	null	null
robert.hermann@enron.com	19859	null	null
fred5073@hhabs.yahoo.com	19860	null	null
42.6811.56-nwhyon4otj6vpzeycsrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	19861	null	null
fcasamento@weta.com	19862	null	null
catherine.liller@lcra.org	19863	null	null
jballentine@dialogos.com	19864	null	null
e.weidler@enron.com	19865	null	null
per.dyrvik@ubsw.com	19866	null	null
sdombo@mofo.com	19867	null	null
bobby.eberle@gopusa.com	19868	null	null
bstokes@organic.com	19869	null	null
postypo@ypo.org	19870	null	null
sandra_mccubbin@ees.enron.com	19871	null	null
sandra.mccubbin@enron.com	19871	null	null
dtauke@winston.com	19872	null	null
lowestfare@news.lowestfare.com	19873	null	null
apex2000@incentre.net	19874	null	null
wsmith2@enron.com	19875	null	null
rpon@bellatlantic.net	19876	null	null
ashok.mehta@enron.com	19877	null	null
jill.louie@enron.com	19878	null	null
david.cavazos@enron.com	19879	null	null
barbara.howard@enron.com	19880	null	null
v.charles.weldon@enron.com	19881	null	null
virginia.c.levenback@williams.com	19882	null	null
expertfinder.mailing@enron.com	19883	null	null
cdean12@earthlink.net	19884	null	null
tbroderi@czn.com	19885	null	null
kirstee.hewitt@enron.com	19886	null	null
michael.yosowitz@enron.com	19887	null	null
msngamingzone_031609@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	19888	null	null
srahman@deltapower.com	19889	null	null
agilmour@kaztex.com	19890	null	null
ahaws@austin.rr.com	19891	null	null
blanche.bond@chron.com	19892	null	null
sgupta.ny@siny.com	19893	null	null
coxfamily@home.com	19894	null	null
jrtemplton@aol.com	19895	null	null
tripmaker@earthlink.net	19896	null	null
cdkv1kwd2f@msn.com	19897	null	null
alscarcare@pacbell.net	19898	null	null
saar.banin@gs.com	19899	null	null
creditprocessing@buy.com	19900	null	null
pradous@enron.com	19901	null	null
cweyman@utilicorp.com	19902	null	null
cweyman@astraoil.com	19902	null	null
investorplace@reply.phillips.com	19903	null	null
fburmeister@aimmidwest.com	19904	null	null
l.pehl@enron.com	19905	null	null
ro22er@yahoo.com	19906	null	null
chadgermany@hotmail.com	19907	null	null
ktsanes@haas.berkeley.edu	19908	null	null
scott.manuel@enron.com	19909	null	null
manuel@enron.com	19909	null	null
ad4424@swbell.net	19910	null	null
sireesha.chillakuru@enron.com	19911	null	null
coleman.a.d.@enron.com	19912	null	null
cmcintyre@sempra.com	19913	null	null
henry.moreno@enron.com	19914	null	null
browhl@bracepatt.com	19915	null	null
vx7rs3fstb@hotmail.com	19916	null	null
steinep@uni-muenster.de	19917	null	null
lexserv@cadvision.com	19918	null	null
arleen.barnett@enron.com	19919	null	null
tlambert@internetech.net	19920	null	null
ametter@enron.com	19921	null	null
charles.allen-jones@linklaters.com	19922	null	null
rknauss@mnpower.com	19923	null	null
clare.ellis-wood@enron.com	19924	null	null
pjarond@hotmail.com	19925	null	null
karla.hesketh@us.abb.com	19926	null	null
chris.thrall@enron.com	19927	null	null
thesmodge@hotmail.com	19928	null	null
tjkramer@duke-energy.com	19929	null	null
patti.thomason@enron.com	19930	null	null
tbland@enron.com	19931	null	null
daniel.verastegui@enron.com	19932	null	null
steven.luone@enron.com	19933	null	null
big@enron.com	19934	null	null
michael.ratner@enron.com	19935	null	null
aherbst@utilisenergy.com	19936	null	null
timdawnsierra@yahoo.com	19937	null	null
john.moran@enron.com	19938	null	null
melissa.becker@enron.com	19939	null	null
suzanne_nimocks@mckinsey.com	19940	null	null
mary.gosnell@enron.com	19941	null	null
bkv6@msn.com	19942	null	null
erin'.'hederhorst@enron.com	19943	null	null
easter84@excite.com	19944	null	null
michael.kenneally@enron.com	19945	null	null
derrick.jr.@enron.com	19946	null	null
mkiverson@caiso.com	19947	null	null
prollin@aesc.com	19948	null	null
mary.korby@weil.com	19949	null	null
tim.durst@bakerbotts.com	19950	null	null
dhooker@caes.net	19951	null	null
dhooker@utilicorp.com	19951	null	null
maria.tefel@enron.com	19952	null	null
jr..nolen@enron.com	19953	null	null
jmickey@ercot.com	19954	null	null
hilburn.henry@enron.com	19955	null	null
smoore@thomasnelson.com	19956	null	null
michael.wagoner@enron.com	19957	null	null
networkcommerce-rcwl20011210_2@ombramarketing.com	19958	null	null
aweisbar@fas.harvard.edu	19959	null	null
grottenm@cal.stikeman.com	19960	null	null
melissa.graves@enron.com	19961	null	null
burgesss@dteenergy.com	19962	null	null
slaplist@football.fantasy.sportsline.com	19963	null	null
guzman27@email.msn.com	19964	null	null
guzman27@msn.com	19964	null	null
hrgim@enron.com	19965	null	null
monte4amy@juno.com	19966	null	null
sharperimageoffers@sharperimage.m0.net	19967	null	null
sharperimageoffers@sharperimage.com	19967	null	null
shannon.mcpearson@enron.com	19968	null	null
rabadder@southernco.com	19969	null	null
vallow.alan@enron.com	19970	null	null
madhup_kumar@yahoo.com	19971	null	null
madhup.kumar@enron.com	19971	null	null
michele.beffer@enron.com	19972	null	null
john.walt@enron.com	19973	null	null
afternoon18@alerts.equityalert.com	19974	null	null
cwilson@ipams.org	19975	null	null
ppien@elawforum.com	19976	null	null
angela.a.minas@us.arthurandersen.com	19977	null	null
customerservice.3750855.18932.569439@service.williams-sonoma.com	19978	null	null
obryan_leon_l@solarturbines.com	19979	null	null
mosuffle@hotmail.com	19980	null	null
egonzalez@gardere.com	19981	null	null
peggy_brasch@fmc.com	19982	null	null
recipes@crabplace.com	19983	null	null
recipes@epicurious.com	19983	null	null
hmathis@enron.com	19984	null	null
a.c.fullilove@ieee.org	19985	null	null
edgard@alumni.haas.org	19986	null	null
`caresteam@enron.com	19987	null	null
kippflores@mcleodusa.net	19988	null	null
donald.shackley@enron.com	19989	null	null
christie_kelly@patagonia.com	19990	null	null
jennifer.scafe@lw.com	19991	null	null
rdavis@powerlight.com	19992	null	null
americanexpress@ihomeowner.com	19993	null	null
filuntz@aol.com	19994	null	null
randy.aucoin@rweamericas.com	19995	null	null
esholloway@qwest.net	19996	null	null
d710qzk@msn.com	19997	null	null
bruce.harris@enron.com	19998	null	null
r38882@email.sps.mot.com	19999	null	null
hrismcconvey@on.aibn.com	20000	null	null
jlgaither@equilon.com	20001	null	null
ckazzi@aga.org	20002	null	null
r-7-738070-4601862-2-1011-us1-68dd993f@xmr3.com	20003	null	null
j.mark.metts@enron.com	20004	null	null
j.metts@enron.com	20004	null	null
judyb@tamu.edu	20005	null	null
dfergus@brobeck.com	20006	null	null
daryl.deloney@honeywell.com	20007	null	null
jlwalker@hotmail.com	20008	null	null
tracy.carter@enron.com	20009	null	null
brad.hitch@enron.com	20010	null	null
enron.everyone_et&s_field_offices@enron.com	20011	null	null
james.pfeffer@enron.com	20012	null	null
joschka@emailaccount.com	20013	null	null
mswider@sel.com	20014	null	null
chris.samaniego@cingular.com	20015	null	null
jeff.spector@xemkt.com	20016	null	null
garza.charles@enron.com	20017	null	null
kirotate@aol.com	20018	null	null
allison.healy-poe@enron.com	20019	null	null
sofya.tamarchenko@enron.com	20020	null	null
tamarchenko@enron.com	20020	null	null
dianne.lowe@dri-wefa.com	20021	null	null
letters@nytimes.com	20022	null	null
diane.dongworth@horizon.ab.ca	20023	null	null
klaus.holtel@enron.com	20024	null	null
ussearch.203339.1566.0@reply.ussearch.com	20025	null	null
harry.woodson@enron.com	20026	null	null
tammy.brown@enron.com	20027	null	null
msessa@sempratrading.com	20028	null	null
scottyp73@yahoo.com	20029	null	null
aggie_chic02@hotmail.com	20030	null	null
martin.bienenstock@weil.com	20031	null	null
jenwalker@deloitte.com	20032	null	null
ronh@informationforecast.com	20033	null	null
amanda.angelini@ssmb.com	20034	null	null
freevitamins@customoffers.com	20035	null	null
kimberley.jacobson@enron.com	20036	null	null
yorleni.mendez@enron.com	20037	null	null
kal.abdalla@enron.com	20038	null	null
mgrigsb@ect.enron.com	20039	null	null
mgrigsb@enron.com	20039	null	null
guillaume.dedalmas@csfb.com	20040	null	null
akarna@lehman.com	20041	null	null
andy.anderson@enron.com	20042	null	null
payne.william@enron.com	20043	null	null
junellen.pearsall@enron.com	20044	null	null
mosley.w.@enron.com	20045	null	null
judy.walters@enron.com	20046	null	null
shirley.sidler@enron.com	20047	null	null
jane.allen@enron.com	20048	null	null
rachel.murton@linklaters.com	20049	null	null
bsc123@rogers.com	20050	null	null
neil.bresnan@enron.com	20051	null	null
b19703@anet.ne.jp	20052	null	null
co.o.l._112800@airmail.continental.com	20053	null	null
angiez_1@hotmail.com	20054	null	null
bmccredie@aqmd.gov	20055	null	null
steve.walton@enron.com	20056	null	null
cchun@calstatela.edu	20057	null	null
britaldo.soares@enron.com	20058	null	null
gcaan@govmail.state.nv.us	20059	null	null
expediafaretracker_035306@expedia.customer-email.com	20060	null	null
leslie.hiltabrand@enron.com	20061	null	null
onlinetestprep@review.com	20062	null	null
miken@thorit.com	20063	null	null
ill."jon.gail@hcs.state.or.us"@enron.com	20064	null	null
jon.gail@hcs.state.or.us	20064	null	null
dottie@kerr-solutions.com	20065	null	null
laine.borgman@enron.com	20066	null	null
harry.papadopoulos@enron.com	20067	null	null
sonia.moore@us.cgeyc.com	20068	null	null
mairet.james@enron.com	20069	null	null
james.mairet@kwikset.com	20069	null	null
keith.ferguson@fmc-law.com	20070	null	null
adeboissiere@cinergy.com	20071	null	null
jbass@stdauto.com	20072	null	null
staab.jeff@enron.com	20073	null	null
ifwvxqn6ng348@hotmail.com	20074	null	null
james.wiltfong@enron.com	20075	null	null
jcountee@mofo.com	20076	null	null
shanspice@yahoo.com	20077	null	null
marc.ulrich@enron.com	20078	null	null
esholeen@bracepatt.com	20079	null	null
claudia.brun@enron.com	20080	null	null
roger.pelote@williams.com	20081	null	null
lschiffm@jonesday.com	20082	null	null
brian.hendon@enron.com	20083	null	null
brian.hendon@enroncommunications.nt.ect.enron.com.enron.net	20083	null	null
trey.cash@enron.com	20084	null	null
charles.okechukwu@email.moore.com	20085	null	null
charles.okechukwu@enron.com	20085	null	null
rthurst@wpo.it.luc.edu	20086	null	null
radu.tutos@enron.com	20087	null	null
gas_daily@ftenergy.com	20088	null	null
gas_daily@platts.com	20088	null	null
trish3kids@aol.com	20089	null	null
walter.guidroz@enron.com	20090	null	null
guidroz@enron.com	20090	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_037630@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	20091	null	null
c22650@188.net	20092	null	null
klbwebb@aol.com	20093	null	null
brian.oeffner@enron.com	20094	null	null
craigc@calpine.com	20095	null	null
ana.correa@enron.com	20096	null	null
tomdutta@hotmail.com	20097	null	null
mskidmore@mfah.org	20098	null	null
mltrochta@dow.com	20099	null	null
amanda.rybarski@enron.com	20100	null	null
ceerios@hotmail.com	20101	null	null
mmoreno@reliant.com	20102	null	null
syoungbauer@rag-american.com	20103	null	null
david.haug@enron.com	20104	null	null
alan.chen@enron.com	20105	null	null
vrinda.walavalkar@enron.com	20106	null	null
mars_friends@lists.mars-inc.com	20107	null	null
jrs@duncanallen.com	20108	null	null
lizzette.palmer@enron.com	20109	null	null
chris_jackson@txu.com	20110	null	null
ondis.albert@enron.com	20111	null	null
jdavis7@aol.com	20112	null	null
walker.kasey@enron.com	20113	null	null
patty.soria@halliburton.com	20114	null	null
bruce.golden@enron.com	20115	null	null
grasmeyer@aerovironment.com	20116	null	null
nancy.sellers@mondavi.com	20117	null	null
nancy.sellers@robertmondavi.com	20117	null	null
sellers.nancy@enron.com	20117	null	null
egaither@houston.rr.com	20118	null	null
maureen.smith@enron.com	20119	null	null
mark.fereday@enron.com	20120	null	null
joseph.des@enron.com	20121	null	null
michael.simmons@enron.com	20122	null	null
james_mcelligott@kindermorgan.com	20123	null	null
ekixrajcjacljvrl@yahoo.com	20124	null	null
jim.gearhart@enron.com	20125	null	null
jason.mcnair@enron.com	20126	null	null
estalee.russi@enron.com	20127	null	null
kimberly.brown@enron.com	20128	null	null
tim.fagan@uaecorp.com	20129	null	null
localstoreoffers@rightstart.com	20130	null	null
cmoon@semprasolutions.com	20131	null	null
rmellen@san.rr.com	20132	null	null
mikeshaw@andrews-kurth.com	20133	null	null
mikeshaw@akllp.com	20133	null	null
charles.keng@enron.com	20134	null	null
germany.jr@enron.com	20135	null	null
paula.harris@enron.com	20136	null	null
jarod.jenson@enron.com	20137	null	null
maggie.matheson@enron.com	20138	null	null
ov@georgewbush.com	20139	null	null
pat.prendergast@enron.com	20140	null	null
mstahlin@hotmail.com	20141	null	null
wayne.ellis@williams.com	20142	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide3@enron.com	20143	null	null
merilyn_ferrara@apses.com	20144	null	null
mandy.bowles@email.moore.com	20145	null	null
dkrunnfusz@agency.com	20146	null	null
rbeaman@tradespark.com	20147	null	null
spatti@ensr.com	20148	null	null
michelle.zhang@enron.com	20149	null	null
melanie.harwell@enron.com	20150	null	null
syed.ahmed@enron.com	20151	null	null
patrioticamerican@urhere.com	20152	null	null
bjapsen@tribune.com	20153	null	null
nicholas.barnard@enron.com	20154	null	null
aefurcht@facstaff.wisc.edu	20155	null	null
karlruth@aol.com	20156	null	null
christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	20157	null	null
dsilvers@aflcio.org	20158	null	null
sheminproctor@akllp.com	20159	null	null
joaquin.garcia@enron.com	20160	null	null
jloleary@bpa.gov	20161	null	null
john.grace@enron.com	20162	null	null
charryl@pacbell.net	20163	null	null
gary.mirich@enron.com	20164	null	null
robicheaux.corey@enron.com	20165	null	null
bodezoffa@hotmail.com	20166	null	null
gamaw48@yahoo.com	20167	null	null
scheffsp@bp.com	20168	null	null
encarta_029594@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	20169	null	null
michael.cilento@enron.com	20170	null	null
alstad@enron.com	20171	null	null
kdf@fidalgo.net	20172	null	null
cmiller@rice.edu	20173	null	null
cmiller@smud.org	20173	null	null
walter_reade@fuse.net	20174	null	null
product.london@enron.com	20175	null	null
frederik_aldin@westlb.com	20176	null	null
will_meehl@kindermorgan.com	20177	null	null
meehl@enron.com	20177	null	null
mpieniazek@nyiso.com	20178	null	null
mhaidar@dditechnologies.com	20179	null	null
estoi42@highlandnow.com	20180	null	null
john.williams@enron.com	20181	null	null
jeff.may@enron.com	20182	null	null
jeff.marecic@enron.com	20183	null	null
christine.schlaudraff@enron.com	20184	null	null
team.bushton-operations@enron.com	20185	null	null
jmh@cpuc.ca.gov	20186	null	null
tmcvey@sric.sri.com	20187	null	null
jamest@kinkos.com	20188	null	null
bbradsha@skadden.com	20189	null	null
winston.toby@enron.com	20190	null	null
philip.mayor@enron.com	20191	null	null
sammi@enron.com	20192	null	null
ricardo.charvel@enron.com	20193	null	null
lucy.marshall@enron.com	20194	null	null
wjordan2@houston.rr.com	20195	null	null
vito.iaia@enron.com	20196	null	null
toby.geffryes@enron.com	20197	null	null
mrcqojw7tyvd@hotmail.com	20198	null	null
jmpa@dynegy.com	20199	null	null
scott.aldrich@aurumtechnology.com	20200	null	null
jesse.bigelow@us.cibc.com	20201	null	null
frank.coles@enron.com	20202	null	null
andres.almazan@bus.utexas.edu	20203	null	null
kzy4@msn.com	20204	null	null
culbertson.david@enron.com	20205	null	null
jbirch@isda-eur.org	20206	null	null
lfswoy@tecoenergy.com	20207	null	null
roths@orbitworld.net	20208	null	null
chris.cramer@enron.com	20209	null	null
1800flowers.133139412@s2u2.com	20210	null	null
robert.saltiel@enron.com	20211	null	null
j.ct@enron.com	20212	null	null
olajane@forestweb.com	20213	null	null
gregg.cooper@enron.com	20214	null	null
pcervin@br-inc.com	20215	null	null
carolyn_l_green@sunoil.com	20216	null	null
pdl8pdl8@yahoo.com	20217	null	null
101403.3612@compuserve.com	20218	null	null
judyta.fiedin@oecd.org	20219	null	null
tracy.barlow@enron.com	20220	null	null
joe.hillings@enron.com	20221	null	null
ramabile1@execlead.com	20222	null	null
swantita_99@yahoo.com	20223	null	null
ann.mora@enron.com	20224	null	null
joy.pardillo@enron.com	20225	null	null
pardillo.joy@enron.com	20225	null	null
craig.young@enron.com	20226	null	null
zuela.carter@enron.com	20227	null	null
katie.george@bus.utexas.edu	20228	null	null
peter.bradley@enron.com	20229	null	null
dmoll@central.uh.edu	20230	null	null
fatimah.ducros@enron.com	20231	null	null
ibkknbjmmkirqniv@biggieyahoo.ca	20232	null	null
owner-nyiso_tech_exchange@lists.thebiz.net	20233	null	null
nyiso_tech_exchange@global2000.net	20233	null	null
nyiso_tech_exchange@lists1.thebiz.net	20233	null	null
nyiso_tech_exchange@lists.thebiz.net	20233	null	null
carolus@optonline.net	20234	null	null
stephan.dillon@weyerhaeuser.com	20235	null	null
gkurzer@tfsbrokers.com	20236	null	null
gauri.khokha@enron.com	20237	null	null
cbalmanza@swog.org	20238	null	null
weaverj@jmbm.com	20239	null	null
george.wood@enron.com	20240	null	null
barrie_pace.ue.c13840.r39146906@ixs1.net	20241	null	null
r.barrie@lvmh.fr	20241	null	null
mpennisi@pcsn.com	20242	null	null
jeff.shannon@honeywell.com	20243	null	null
bruce.birchman@ferc.fed.us	20244	null	null
crspringer@duke-energy.com	20245	null	null
kenneth.shulklapper@enron.com	20246	null	null
chris.harris@innogy.com	20247	null	null
chris.harris@natpower.com	20247	null	null
crice@nge.com	20248	null	null
carla.galvan@enron.com	20249	null	null
sam.baptista@morganstanley.com	20250	null	null
butlerb3@epenergy.com	20251	null	null
john.cummings@enron.com	20252	null	null
set@ercot.com	20253	null	null
rahil'.'jafry@enron.com	20254	null	null
rahil.jafry@enron.com	20254	null	null
terri.fiandt@enron.com	20255	null	null
rcrane@sto.id.us	20256	null	null
ebay.19510873.2403.0@reply.ebay.com	20257	null	null
tgros@houston.rr.com	20258	null	null
kimberly.irchirl@enron.com	20259	null	null
bridgett.moore@enron.com	20260	null	null
rose.m.nolen@dynegy.com	20261	null	null
bankmoreprofit@excite.com	20262	null	null
jgilchrist@viant.com	20263	null	null
cbiconference@starpower.net	20264	null	null
bernt.netland@baytank.com	20265	null	null
anne_schenkenberger@gulf.ca	20266	null	null
carlos.albuquerque@enron.com	20267	null	null
albuquerque@enron.com	20267	null	null
6.458.1e-jwnl0wklbtkcai6quymauh8fstdsai9r.1@mail3.travelocity.com	20268	null	null
groth_ch@willis.com	20269	null	null
d21488@mail.pt	20270	null	null
government.americas@enron.com	20271	null	null
bob.klide@enron.com	20272	null	null
rmoseley@rbfalcon.com	20273	null	null
rmoseley@houston.deepwater.com	20273	null	null
tricia.flanigan@enron.com	20274	null	null
bobby.campo@mirant.com	20275	null	null
paez1000@hotmail.com	20276	null	null
igoldsmith@natsourcetulletteurope.com	20277	null	null
dian.chu@enron.com	20278	null	null
kclark3@enron.com	20279	null	null
patguitar@mailexcite.com	20280	null	null
taxdouglas@enron.com	20281	null	null
srselgolf@athens.net	20282	null	null
wsx@wsx.wsex.com	20283	null	null
wsx@wsex.com	20283	null	null
karolyn.criado@enron.com	20284	null	null
amy.siedenburg@gs.com	20285	null	null
john.spell@pse.com	20286	null	null
cmrexecutivepolicyteam@caiso.com	20287	null	null
brookman.bart@enron.com	20288	null	null
jerusalemfund@aol.com	20289	null	null
mjones@gc.edu	20290	null	null
selectllc@hotmail.com	20291	null	null
1800flowers.246135397@s2u2.com	20292	null	null
eloy.escobar@enron.com	20293	null	null
john.choi@enron.com	20294	null	null
jeff.keeler@enron.com	20295	null	null
littleniles@aol.com	20296	null	null
rjernagan@msn.com	20297	null	null
tfiandt@houston.rr.com	20298	null	null
opw2@snidey.com	20299	null	null
tracksters@enron.com	20300	null	null
zenz@enron.com	20301	null	null
brenda.rowan@alcoa.com	20302	null	null
russell_c_mills@calpx.com	20303	null	null
susan_dingle@msdw.com	20304	null	null
andria.stevens@enron.com	20305	null	null
fwolgel@azurix.com	20306	null	null
mark.ferguson@enron.com	20307	null	null
94094@mailman.enron.com	20308	null	null
spencer.aaron@enron.com	20309	null	null
mslca@chinahot.net	20310	null	null
dkalman@rothers.com	20311	null	null
greg_riddick@kindermorgan.com	20312	null	null
jacammarano@pplweb.com	20313	null	null
brewery@saintarnold.com	20314	null	null
jake.hadix@us.pwcglobal.com	20315	null	null
kmjo@dynegy.com	20316	null	null
whalebackclub@aol.com	20317	null	null
rrich@bracepatt.com	20318	null	null
aaoliver@utmb.edu	20319	null	null
dr@rosses.com	20320	null	null
joan.quick@enron.com	20321	null	null
h..thorn@enron.com	20322	null	null
fparra@swbanktx.com	20323	null	null
debbie_finnell@anadarko.com	20324	null	null
mcgauleyjr@aol.com	20325	null	null
bruce.ferrell@enron.com	20326	null	null
james.keller@enron.com	20327	null	null
osburg_ron@hotmail.com	20328	null	null
jkerber@melangeevents.com	20329	null	null
enron.mailsweeper.admin@enron.com	20330	null	null
enron.admin@enron.com	20330	null	null
admin.enron@enron.com	20330	null	null
enron-admin@fsddatasvc.com	20330	null	null
d'arcy.carroll@enron.com	20331	null	null
pazman99@att.net	20332	null	null
charles.e.teacle@usa.conoco.com	20333	null	null
rocky.emery@ubspainewebber.com	20334	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3953@lists.smartmoney.com	20335	null	null
april.hrach@enron.com	20336	null	null
bob.may@bus.utexas.edu	20337	null	null
relizondo1@duke-energy.com	20338	null	null
bergamini.chris@enron.com	20339	null	null
k.c@enron.com	20340	null	null
rebecca.millerchip@enron.com	20341	null	null
gc.assistants@enron.com	20342	null	null
pat.johnson@enron.com	20343	null	null
lil_reg1@hotmail.com	20344	null	null
chonawee.supatgiat@enron.com	20345	null	null
jmargalith@elektro.com.br	20346	null	null
speonwonzu@ever2.beontarget.com	20347	null	null
sarah.mulholland@enron.com	20348	null	null
lily.reynosa@enron.com	20349	null	null
s@mail02.freesoftwarepromotions.com	20350	null	null
ray.mcphail@enron.com	20351	null	null
richard.friedman@enron.com	20352	null	null
46810720@juno.com	20353	null	null
klmcclintock@home.com	20354	null	null
steve.huhman@mirant.com	20355	null	null
barbara.a.hueter@enron.com	20356	null	null
a..hueter@enron.com	20356	null	null
ringers@ect.enron.com	20357	null	null
paul.wallace@enron.com	20358	null	null
todd.hunter@enron.com	20359	null	null
biren.kumar@enron.com	20360	null	null
ryland_parker@fpl.com	20361	null	null
lewis.worthy@enron.com	20362	null	null
bthedinger@mastio.com	20363	null	null
meg.pedrosa@enron.com	20364	null	null
karen_merrill@mudnebr.com	20365	null	null
sakom@attglobal.net	20366	null	null
luis.velez@enron.com	20367	null	null
avivar@cinergy.com	20368	null	null
afilas@keyspanenergy.com	20369	null	null
gerald.lofton@enron.com	20370	null	null
richard_dziurzynski@aigi.com	20371	null	null
rajneesh.salhotra@enron.com	20372	null	null
john.dunn@enform.com	20373	null	null
john.dunn@enron.com	20373	null	null
moontiger13@hotmail.com	20374	null	null
chip.cox@enron.com	20375	null	null
robert.hill@enron.com	20376	null	null
wendi.lebrocq@enron.com	20377	null	null
dkkeaney@earthlink.net	20378	null	null
wmontjoy@brunini.com	20379	null	null
dylan@operon.com	20380	null	null
glenn.kobes@enron.com	20381	null	null
rob_somers@apc.com	20382	null	null
jrw@partnersinwealth.com	20383	null	null
"reuter@enron.com	20384	null	null
cp253w16@aol.com	20385	null	null
michael.wilkes@neonsys.com	20386	null	null
gary.fuller@enron.com	20387	null	null
mccullep@talgov.com	20388	null	null
jennifer.p.kong@dynegy.com	20389	null	null
michael.philippe@enron.com	20390	null	null
bbuchynsky@aol.com	20391	null	null
unsub-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-296@mta04.optamail.com	20392	null	null
crdtplus@us.inter.net	20393	null	null
daphne.quarles@enron.com	20394	null	null
daphne@katzlaw.com	20394	null	null
daphne@enron.com	20394	null	null
charles.child@enron.com	20395	null	null
documents.405416.3191.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	20396	null	null
consumerreportsonline-4@mail.0mm.com	20397	null	null
lisavick@prodigy.net	20398	null	null
matthew.almy@enron.com	20399	null	null
gcvan@yahoo.com	20400	null	null
kristin.quinn@enron.com	20401	null	null
palmannouncements.6gz1896v.d@insync-palm.com	20402	null	null
betty.tauzier@enron.com	20403	null	null
1.11307318.-1@multexinvestornetwork.com	20404	null	null
stephen.evans@enron.com	20405	null	null
kjewett@kpcb.com	20406	null	null
kbusch@energyargus.com	20407	null	null
fleur.turner@msdw.com	20408	null	null
brad.mcdonald@dynegy.com	20409	null	null
ghcf@ghcf.org	20410	null	null
marie.westin@enron.com	20411	null	null
rrga-l@list.rtowest.org	20412	null	null
matt5066@city.fujisawa.kanagawa.jp	20413	null	null
a_ratti@alumni.haas.org	20414	null	null
ratti@haas.berkeley.edu	20414	null	null
karen.questell@enron.com	20415	null	null
francis.gonzales@enron.com	20416	null	null
pam.losefsky@bus.utexas.edu	20417	null	null
dragsdale@ev1.net	20418	null	null
crg@nyiso.com	20419	null	null
dale.snyder@enron.com	20420	null	null
cristina.zavala@enron.com	20421	null	null
johnsonws@earthlink.net	20422	null	null
buildingblocks@roundarch.com	20423	null	null
pythia8@cyburban.com	20424	null	null
ussoccerfan_tx@maillist.ussoccer.org	20425	null	null
ussoccerfan@ussoccer.org	20425	null	null
onepass_041701@airmail.continental.com	20426	null	null
mzureski@deloitte.ca	20427	null	null
tomicamachouston@aol.com	20428	null	null
rbandekow@home.com	20429	null	null
gloria_cunningham@cmicro.com	20430	null	null
mmcvicke@enron.com	20431	null	null
alejandro.montemayor@enron.com	20432	null	null
416374.241831327.3@etoys.reply.tm0.com	20433	null	null
tisenhour@tigernaturalgas.com	20434	null	null
economist.com.readers":@enron.com	20435	null	null
madre.nell@enron.com	20436	null	null
om_weidig@yahoo.co.uk	20437	null	null
blblair@ev1.net	20438	null	null
ross.sankey@enron.com	20439	null	null
chris.mahoney@enron.com	20440	null	null
christy.wire@enron.com	20441	null	null
greenwire@eenews.net	20442	null	null
cheryl'.'auntie@enron.com	20443	null	null
randy.hotz@enron.com	20444	null	null
mflewelyn@columbiaenergygroup.com	20445	null	null
brandon.rigney@enron.com	20446	null	null
bunny22@yourwap.com	20447	null	null
epadams@aol.com	20448	null	null
park.account@enron.com	20449	null	null
henry'.'leslie@enron.com	20450	null	null
morning26@alerts.equityalert.com	20451	null	null
baavjones@erols.com	20452	null	null
firstdata9857@gmx.co.uk	20453	null	null
lyn.athey@nissan-usa.com	20454	null	null
bounce-smallcapdigest-871164q@lyris.smallcapnetwork.net	20455	null	null
bruce_rudy@mailcity.com	20456	null	null
bruce.rudy@enron.com	20456	null	null
athompson@psb.state.vt.us	20457	null	null
110165.74@compuserve.com	20458	null	null
nbarker@libertyhill.org	20459	null	null
greg.couch@enron.com	20460	null	null
lchurch@epsa.org	20461	null	null
alicethuvan@hotmail.com	20462	null	null
rda2c@unix.mail.virginia.edu	20463	null	null
marciaw@pathcom.com	20464	null	null
karima.husain@enron.com	20465	null	null
kirk.mcdaniel@enron.com	20466	null	null
netflix@escriptions.roi1.net	20467	null	null
swalsh@powereng.com	20468	null	null
stephanie.casas@enron.com	20469	null	null
neneale@hotmail.com	20470	null	null
kunapuli.angirasa@enron.com	20471	null	null
jbrownin@utilicorp.com	20472	null	null
anne_snyder@pgn.com	20473	null	null
whitenton.chris@enron.com	20474	null	null
patrick_callahan@rge.com	20475	null	null
lakepeople2@juno.com	20476	null	null
cregg41@gateway.net	20477	null	null
jobs@orixcm.com	20478	null	null
jobs@technical.manpower.com	20478	null	null
jobs@dunhillhouston.com	20478	null	null
opagan@gateway.net	20479	null	null
anjwood@enron.com	20480	null	null
kimberly.hardy@enron.com	20481	null	null
stuwright_99@yahoo.com	20482	null	null
joaniem5770@yahoo.com	20483	null	null
rod.mullin@nypa.gov	20484	null	null
becky.caudle@enron.com	20485	null	null
j.weg'.'howard@enron.com	20486	null	null
jeff_deanna_harris@hotmail.com	20487	null	null
harris.deanna@enron.com	20487	null	null
robrob@robrob.net	20488	null	null
nicole.dion@enron.com	20489	null	null
na9urt14slq@hotmail.com	20490	null	null
sellers.suzanne@enron.com	20491	null	null
matt.wilson@weyerhaeuser.com	20492	null	null
paul_syiek@thinkjobs.com	20493	null	null
kenny.ha@enron.com	20494	null	null
rmadden@gibbs-bruns.com	20495	null	null
katrina_sumey@platts.com	20496	null	null
beezhomeyer@hotmail.com	20497	null	null
feliciagarcia@aec.ca	20498	null	null
jaki_l._hawkins@jonesday.com	20499	null	null
andres.balmaceda@enron.com	20500	null	null
548@britishparts.com	20501	null	null
michael.law@enron.com	20502	null	null
karen.lindley@enron.com	20503	null	null
nick.elms@enron.com	20504	null	null
medlock@rice.edu	20505	null	null
wala32a@ematic.com	20506	null	null
dl-ga-all_domestic@enron.com	20507	null	null
foreign_froms17.txt@mailman.enron.com	20508	null	null
digna.showers@enron.com	20509	null	null
bbutton@petersco.com	20510	null	null
tpclosson@aol.com	20511	null	null
jt@flsdlaw.com	20512	null	null
hvg@carbon.cudenver.edu	20513	null	null
lay.vittor@enron.com	20514	null	null
vittor@enron.com	20514	null	null
mhenry@bracepatt.com	20515	null	null
l.voinorosky@enron.com	20516	null	null
balletstar315@msn.com	20517	null	null
nicholechristoph@yahoo.com	20518	null	null
greg.miller@crossmark.com	20519	null	null
jgomez@ect.enron.com	20520	null	null
paul.d.thomas@enron.com	20521	null	null
mike.purcell@enron.com	20522	null	null
jnwbstr@aol.com	20523	null	null
memclendon@duke-energy.com	20524	null	null
joliver@sithe.com	20525	null	null
sandra.vu@enron.com	20526	null	null
wilson.brian@enron.com	20527	null	null
minna.taponen@enron.com	20528	null	null
jack.levy@gs.com	20529	null	null
ssefton@enron.co.uk	20530	null	null
bwelborn@leasinggroup.com	20531	null	null
titan@eden.com	20532	null	null
coghill.thomas@enron.com	20533	null	null
jason.r.williams@enron.com	20534	null	null
julie_freedman@student.hms.harvard.edu	20535	null	null
sharon.peace@enron.com	20536	null	null
blilient@foxboro.com	20537	null	null
peter.hutton@enron.com	20538	null	null
japhet@u.washington.edu	20539	null	null
danf@fogartyklein.com	20540	null	null
gordont@hawaii.edu	20541	null	null
jcashin@epsa.org	20542	null	null
brian.hulse@enron.com	20543	null	null
superhotoffers@lists.em5000.com	20544	null	null
ernesto.cordova@enron.com	20545	null	null
1.12714936.-3@multexinvestornetwork.com	20546	null	null
1.12714936.-13@multexinvestornetwork.com	20546	null	null
1.12714936.-2@multexinvestornetwork.com	20546	null	null
steve.van.hooser@enron.com	20547	null	null
steve.van@enron.com	20547	null	null
lucy.brown@informamedia.cminteractive.com	20548	null	null
abenton@utilicorp.com	20549	null	null
hood.conf.@enron.com	20550	null	null
llocke.leathercenter@leathercenter.com	20551	null	null
shirley.birch@enron.com	20552	null	null
trang.dinh@enron.com	20553	null	null
mbkuntz@aol.com	20554	null	null
mbkuntz@enron.com	20554	null	null
rachel.jones@enron.com	20555	null	null
zayvth9eb@ematic.com	20556	null	null
tebradbe@duke-energy.com	20557	null	null
hansel@hotmail.com	20558	null	null
chris.hyde@enron.com	20559	null	null
valued.player@mailman.enron.com	20560	null	null
offer.677@ww4.tmag.de	20561	null	null
offer@americanbranding.network60.com	20561	null	null
jlhawkins@jonesday.com	20562	null	null
jimmy.n.storey@marshmc.com	20563	null	null
edragon@sapient.com	20564	null	null
kelly.allen@enron.com	20565	null	null
dustin.smith@enron.com	20566	null	null
janet.rawson@enron.com	20567	null	null
rawson@lucent.com	20567	null	null
mimsc@ops.org	20568	null	null
home.greg@enron.com	20569	null	null
tpape@satake-usa.com	20570	null	null
khymberly.booth@enron.com	20571	null	null
aaron.adams@enron.com	20572	null	null
david.mally@enron.com	20573	null	null
jmenconi@houston.rr.com	20574	null	null
jmenconi@adv-eng-ser-inc.com	20574	null	null
ray.colwell@enron.com	20575	null	null
b.sherrer@tomjamesco.com	20576	null	null
jstubbs@kinkaid.org	20577	null	null
thulan.ly@enron.com	20578	null	null
hous@listeneremail.net	20579	null	null
cch@cchinckley.com	20580	null	null
ysabe@alum.calberkeley.org	20581	null	null
shb1@flash.net	20582	null	null
rorschak@enron.com	20583	null	null
sharon.purswell@enron.com	20584	null	null
mark.gandy@enron.com	20585	null	null
us-ordination105322@yahoo.com	20586	null	null
qebnb@mail-online.dk	20587	null	null
mjmattox@yahoo.com	20588	null	null
adam.cooper@enron.com	20589	null	null
infopost@duke-energy.com	20590	null	null
exec5802@hotmail.com	20591	null	null
marilyn.rivera@enron.com	20592	null	null
hamish.scutt@enron.com	20593	null	null
pam.boxx@enron.com	20594	null	null
zrothman@enron.com	20595	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_worldwide4@enron.com	20596	null	null
pbruns@gibbs-bruns.com	20597	null	null
michael.o.sandridge@us.abb.com	20598	null	null
michael.o.sandridge@ustra.mail.abb.com	20598	null	null
michael.pritchard@enron.com	20599	null	null
jsteffe@enron.com	20600	null	null
jsteffe@notes.enron.com	20600	null	null
arman45@yourwap.com	20601	null	null
ano43c030kw_3@boshra.com	20602	null	null
smacdonald@epcor.ca	20603	null	null
mary.nordstrom@enron.com	20604	null	null
shawn8888@hotmail.com	20605	null	null
keith.harris@wessexwater.co.uk	20606	null	null
ashp_2@yahoo.com	20607	null	null
woodard.bill@enron.com	20608	null	null
t-renneberg@home.com	20609	null	null
avril.forster@enron.com	20610	null	null
forster@enron.com	20610	null	null
nanking1224@earthlink.net	20611	null	null
hood603@aol.com	20612	null	null
mtr@skimoguls.com	20613	null	null
doggett@enron.com	20614	null	null
cmeyers@kingstonmortgage.com	20615	null	null
lmmphqarzqytnrnm@biggieyahoo.ca	20616	null	null
a..lindholm@enron.com	20617	null	null
colin.skellett@enron.com	20618	null	null
colin.skellett@wessexwater.co.uk	20618	null	null
kenneth.young@enron.com	20619	null	null
n..lessor@enron.com	20620	null	null
millija@texaco.com	20621	null	null
bane.darrel@enron.com	20622	null	null
lmartin@epsa.org	20623	null	null
scholarships@customoffers.com	20624	null	null
chellebrad9@cs.com	20625	null	null
michael.springer@westgroup.com	20626	null	null
joseph.marovich@msdw.com	20627	null	null
joseph.marovich@morganstanley.com	20627	null	null
joseph.marovich@ms.com	20627	null	null
rudi.zipter@enron.com	20628	null	null
gisb1@aol.com	20629	null	null
expediafaretracker_034279@expedia.customer-email.com	20630	null	null
walter_saunders@agc.com	20631	null	null
llm0@pge.com	20632	null	null
peter.bray@att.net	20633	null	null
peter.bray@newpower.com	20633	null	null
peter.bray@enron.com	20633	null	null
carldfrank@yahoo.com	20634	null	null
ronggen.pan@enron.com	20635	null	null
orlando.christopher@enron.com	20636	null	null
blohm_r@yahoo.com	20637	null	null
rightworksmarketing@rightworks.com	20638	null	null
joseph.wagner@enron.com	20639	null	null
gcortez@hess.com	20640	null	null
jim.little@enron.com	20641	null	null
ozzie.pagan@enron.com	20642	null	null
philip.greedy@us.pwcglobal.com	20643	null	null
poxford@bracepat.com	20644	null	null
poxford@bracepatt.com	20644	null	null
assessmentservices@improvenow.com	20645	null	null
ann.brown@enron.com	20646	null	null
josh.carlos@enron.com	20647	null	null
ledoujk@texaco.com	20648	null	null
gcshaw@amherst.edu	20649	null	null
laura.aldis@enron.com	20650	null	null
egert_steve@emc.com	20651	null	null
susana_williams@hotmail.com	20652	null	null
trainingorders@vertical.net	20653	null	null
ghodge@pdq.net	20654	null	null
gladdy@earthlink.net	20655	null	null
dansmith@utilicorp.com	20656	null	null
jfoulds@spragueenergy.com	20657	null	null
elena_carver@yahoo.com	20658	null	null
thomas_meyers@pgn.com	20659	null	null
thomas.meyers@enron.com	20659	null	null
348176.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	20660	null	null
duylam@swbell.net	20661	null	null
sheila.walton@enron.com	20662	null	null
tony.jackson@enron.com	20663	null	null
butler.amy@enron.com	20664	null	null
mary.dix@enron.com	20665	null	null
a.gelotti@enron.com	20666	null	null
jcpenney@processrequest.com	20667	null	null
gloria.cruz@enron.com	20668	null	null
gurimyboat@aol.com	20669	null	null
holly.bradford-nelson@enron.com	20670	null	null
shanadew@hotmail.com	20671	null	null
2002rsx@listserv.acura.com	20672	null	null
andrew.zabriskie@enron.com	20673	null	null
kimberly.vaughn@enron.com	20674	null	null
chris_doner@dstoutput.com	20675	null	null
pges@dynegy.com	20676	null	null
wiles.will@enron.com	20677	null	null
1800flowers.215124894@s2u2.com	20678	null	null
mrensink@riskcare.com	20679	null	null
steve.szablya@xemkt.com	20680	null	null
john.sieckman@enron.com	20681	null	null
john_sieckman@enron.com	20681	null	null
ivan.hamilton.enronxgate@enron.com	20682	null	null
ivan@enron.com	20682	null	null
cathy.sprowls@enron.com	20683	null	null
kcglc@alltel.net	20684	null	null
kibbybears@temd.net	20685	null	null
jeanie.sloan@enron.com	20686	null	null
tracy.adams@enron.com	20687	null	null
t..adams@enron.com	20687	null	null
rosie.m.gonzalez@chase.com	20688	null	null
mbqbd@inbox.ru	20689	null	null
doug.aschwege@enron.com	20690	null	null
larry.gleffe@enron.com	20691	null	null
jtalcott@enron.com	20692	null	null
jeb.ligums@enron.com	20693	null	null
skimforlife@yahoo.com	20694	null	null
p_t_w@hotmail.com	20695	null	null
tgboldig@aol.com	20696	null	null
abgymnic@emailaccount.com	20697	null	null
lyow@indiana.edu	20698	null	null
elizabeth.lauterbach@enron.com	20699	null	null
weigelt@wharton.upenn.edu	20700	null	null
bimrich@dynastymotorcar.com	20701	null	null
amyf_lovett@msn.com	20702	null	null
bruce.gainey@elpaso.com	20703	null	null
athena.kelly@convene.com	20704	null	null
team.san-juan-laplata@enron.com	20705	null	null
fatimapr@softcom.ca	20706	null	null
kgymq@lemailparisien.com	20707	null	null
elliot.mainzer@enron.com	20708	null	null
pamela.sweet@peci.com	20709	null	null
dhobbs2@txu.com	20710	null	null
marrs.sam@enron.com	20711	null	null
purser.brenda@enron.com	20712	null	null
mlynnmel@earthlink.net	20713	null	null
amber.ebow@enron.com	20714	null	null
jvennemann@cinergy.com	20715	null	null
cba@uh.edu	20716	null	null
julie.bechtle@enron.com	20717	null	null
carol.kincannon@enron.com	20718	null	null
carolina.waingortin@enron.com	20719	null	null
jeffrey.jakubiak@troutmansanders.com	20720	null	null
jwills3@swbell.net	20721	null	null
cecil.john@enron.com	20722	null	null
jacqueline.adams@enron.com	20723	null	null
jacqueline.adams@cinergy.com	20723	null	null
czyzd@boystown.org	20724	null	null
tricc@www1.pjm.com	20725	null	null
marketinfo2002460782@yahoo.com	20726	null	null
drobin1962@aol.com	20727	null	null
enwpalmer@enron.com	20728	null	null
rosina_christensen@kindermorgan.com	20729	null	null
430932.281940806.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	20730	null	null
lmoore@houstontech.org	20731	null	null
chasity@enron.com	20732	null	null
rachel.feldt@enron.com	20733	null	null
alma.martinez@enron.com	20734	null	null
chris.price@enron.com	20735	null	null
walt.serrano@enron.com	20736	null	null
john.scarborough@enron.com	20737	null	null
justin.folloder@enron.com	20738	null	null
aysu.bilgin@enron.com	20739	null	null
steve.e.ehrenreich@us.arthurandersen.com	20740	null	null
klatt@energyattorney.com	20741	null	null
penny.britell@abc.com	20742	null	null
bradgood@magix.com.sg	20743	null	null
heinc@www1.pjm.com	20744	null	null
heinc@pjm.com	20744	null	null
dschultz@hollandhart.com	20745	null	null
eric.rodenburg@aquila.com	20746	null	null
r..mccombs@enron.com	20747	null	null
legalschuler@enron.com	20748	null	null
deb.cappiello@enron.com	20749	null	null
khill@tnrcc.state.tx.us	20750	null	null
jkboud@swbell.net	20751	null	null
kevin_kindall@fpl.com	20752	null	null
kevin.kindall@enron.com	20752	null	null
xlatt7ybloy@hotmail.com	20753	null	null
mmarkey@ftenergy.com	20754	null	null
0_19653_e719a090-7eca-d011-9d39-0000f84121eb_us@newsletters.microsoft.com	20755	null	null
0_19812_e719a090-7eca-d011-9d39-0000f84121eb_us@newsletters.microsoft.com	20755	null	null
0_19619_e719a090-7eca-d011-9d39-0000f84121eb_us@newsletters.microsoft.com	20755	null	null
mogel@enron.com	20756	null	null
stacy.neuweller@enron.com	20757	null	null
ejelich@isda.org	20758	null	null
david.barr@enron.com	20759	null	null
david_barr@enron.net	20759	null	null
vseckler@cilco.com	20760	null	null
patti.sullivan@enron.com	20761	null	null
patton.jeffrey@enron.com	20762	null	null
mathew.smith@enron.com	20763	null	null
crossen.jim@enron.com	20764	null	null
sherry_radack@justex.net	20765	null	null
sherry_radack@msmail.co.harris.tx.us	20765	null	null
grants@wsrn.com	20766	null	null
j.luebbers@pecorp.com	20767	null	null
andrew_weisner@dom.com	20768	null	null
slspencer@duke-energy.com	20769	null	null
cedric.burgher@enron.com	20770	null	null
aimee1132@aol.com	20771	null	null
clayton.degiacinto.wg02@wharton.upenn.edu	20772	null	null
loughrid@rice.edu	20773	null	null
loughrid@ruf.rice.edu	20773	null	null
loughrid@hydrant.ruf.rice.edu	20773	null	null
cntrybr279@cs.com	20774	null	null
certifieddealernetwork@carsdirect.com	20775	null	null
luke.helwig@enron.com	20776	null	null
shaiber@milesstockbridge.com	20777	null	null
ron.howard@coair.com	20778	null	null
saji.john@enron.com	20779	null	null
john.saji@enron.com	20779	null	null
jabilla@transvascular.com	20780	null	null
'cheung@enron.com	20781	null	null
keith_larney@i2.com	20782	null	null
a.fabregas@geochem.net	20783	null	null
asangin@dcf.pemexcom	20784	null	null
luis.juarros@enron.com	20785	null	null
ketchekl@bp.com	20786	null	null
a-letter@sovereignsociety.com	20787	null	null
gmille@ca.ibm.com	20788	null	null
ccoke@cmta.net	20789	null	null
dhart@aep.com	20790	null	null
thenninger@mail.law.utexas.edu	20791	null	null
euromoney@euromoney.com	20792	null	null
tonyruppes@msn.com	20793	null	null
melissa.maxwell@bakerbotts.com	20794	null	null
ragaz2@aol.com	20795	null	null
bhueter@enron.com	20796	null	null
peter.pearson@enron.com	20797	null	null
becky.merola@enron.com	20798	null	null
jenny.latham@enron.com	20799	null	null
cclark4@ect.enron.com	20800	null	null
dtucker@bracepatt.com	20801	null	null
simonss@wharton.upenn.edu	20802	null	null
alexis.carroll@enron.com	20803	null	null
kathy_nuernberg@yahoo.com	20804	null	null
cafergus@llgm.com	20805	null	null
george.fastuca@enron.com	20806	null	null
patrick.lewsen@enron.com	20807	null	null
alex.goldberg@williams.com	20808	null	null
views@foxnews.com	20809	null	null
deborahlowe@akllp.com	20810	null	null
davidw@netscape.com	20811	null	null
fiona.skinner@enron.com	20812	null	null
fsturm@enron.com	20813	null	null
fsturm@ect.enron.com	20813	null	null
diane.vickers@enron.com	20814	null	null
allan.severude@enron.com	20815	null	null
dina.snow@enron.com	20816	null	null
rstandley@enron.com	20817	null	null
isooasismarketparticipants@caiso.com	20818	null	null
john.ballentine@enron.com	20819	null	null
dl-ga-enron_debtor@enron.com	20820	null	null
hallisey@wt.net	20821	null	null
compaq.classic.2001@compaq.com	20822	null	null
compaq.2001@enron.com	20822	null	null
gfou@aol.com	20823	null	null
ki12t@yahoo.com	20824	null	null
awitness34@aol.com	20825	null	null
payments-mail@amazon.com	20826	null	null
dan.freese@enron.com	20827	null	null
bryan.robins@enron.com	20828	null	null
dawn_jankowski@oxy.com	20829	null	null
mqgress@aol.com	20830	null	null
jerbat@tristategt.org	20831	null	null
rparker@erac.com	20832	null	null
jjw@ziplip.com	20833	null	null
ppn2cdc5ie8g@hotmail.com	20834	null	null
rippr@andrews-kurth.com	20835	null	null
rsheybank@exchange.ml.com	20836	null	null
kris.caldwell@enron.com	20837	null	null
tamerige@keyspanenergy.com	20838	null	null
lisa.robichaux@enron.com	20839	null	null
subscriptions@dvdplanet.com	20840	null	null
subscriptions@stockscape.com	20840	null	null
subscriptions@twst.com	20840	null	null
subscriptions@intelligencepress.com	20840	null	null
reidspice@hotmail.com	20841	null	null
katy.lomax@enron.com	20842	null	null
ian_stevenson@bp.com	20843	null	null
samuel.wehn@enron.com	20844	null	null
cto@hypercon.com	20845	null	null
jerilynn.daugherty@fortbend.k12.tx.us	20846	null	null
42.1848.71-gweuoe4jf3yxisx-grrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	20847	null	null
c..lewis@enron.com	20848	null	null
amy.fabian@enron.com	20849	null	null
marc.shapiro@enron.com	20850	null	null
allen.miller@chadbourne.com	20851	null	null
fwmo@dynegy.com	20852	null	null
rahernandez@groupwise.marathonoil.com	20853	null	null
johnb@borrowmanbaker.com	20854	null	null
jennifer.d.sanders@us.andersen.com	20855	null	null
aptimusoffers@aptimus.com	20856	null	null
everyone_in_ect_houston@enron.com	20857	null	null
ect.houston@enron.com	20857	null	null
dlenfes@enron.com	20858	null	null
pff@cpuc.ca.gov	20859	null	null
guidry.wayne@enron.com	20860	null	null
200110262103x7471-devnul@excite.com	20861	null	null
molnar.dave@enron.com	20862	null	null
mike.kelly@enron.com	20863	null	null
mike_kelly@eott.com	20863	null	null
insideutfootball@newsletters.dallasnews.com	20864	null	null
mlukasiewicz@taz.telusa.com	20865	null	null
inger.bohnstedt@enron.com	20866	null	null
diann.huddleson@enron.com	20867	null	null
'o'kane@enron.com	20868	null	null
addyee@aol.com	20869	null	null
virginiar@usgt.com	20870	null	null
brian.spector@enron.com	20871	null	null
herman.manis@enron.com	20872	null	null
findley.steve@enron.com	20873	null	null
jcjcal02@arpartners.com	20874	null	null
jcjcal02@aol.com	20874	null	null
el-gato@swbell.net	20875	null	null
booth.terry@enron.com	20876	null	null
marc_rubenstein@cargill.com	20877	null	null
examiner@e-enterprise.com	20878	null	null
loriv@aurora-gas.com	20879	null	null
loriv@auroa-gas.com	20879	null	null
21f383c37ed311a74bca1df3a0b74bcbd4c@tm04.com	20880	null	null
csmith@priorityit.com	20881	null	null
csmith@caiso.com	20881	null	null
lboward@powerinnovators.com	20882	null	null
ramesh.rao@enron.com	20883	null	null
ramesh@enron.com	20883	null	null
ramesh@commerceone.co	20883	null	null
andrew_perrin@unc.edu	20884	null	null
sally.kirch@intel.com	20885	null	null
dualex4@yahoo.com	20886	null	null
lasuzzo.blake@enron.com	20887	null	null
blake.lasuzzo@enron.com	20887	null	null
atz".'"andy@enron.com	20888	null	null
margaret.doucette@enron.com	20889	null	null
margaret_doucette@ei.enron.com	20889	null	null
kai.kwok@gs.com	20890	null	null
kai@itu.com	20890	null	null
cassandra.schultz@enron.com	20891	null	null
sfriedl@ei.enron.com	20892	null	null
pruskin@purskingallery.demon.co.uk	20893	null	null
don.hammond@enron.com	20894	null	null
sheryl.d.lara@dynegy.com	20895	null	null
sheryl.lara@enron.com	20895	null	null
valarie.barnes@enron.com	20896	null	null
grant.masson.ect@enron.com	20897	null	null
morrisjhd@aol.com	20898	null	null
dave.vandriel@neg.pge.com	20899	null	null
o33grs@msn.com	20900	null	null
bill.heidecker@enron.com	20901	null	null
mash4077@mediaone.net	20902	null	null
mreges@keyspanenergy.com	20903	null	null
mmidden@anz.com	20904	null	null
adrian.mancebo@enron.com	20905	null	null
melissa.white@enron.com	20906	null	null
jhammack@flashfind.com	20907	null	null
mgiattina@aol.com	20908	null	null
tnktaylor@earthlink.net	20909	null	null
elopez1@pnm.com	20910	null	null
vanessa.bob@enron.com	20911	null	null
ken.loch@enron.com	20912	null	null
abuchanan@diversa.com	20913	null	null
henry.van@enron.com	20914	null	null
rob.gay@enron.com	20915	null	null
rob.g.gay@enron.com	20915	null	null
cbartlett@hbs.edu	20916	null	null
mprand@wt.net	20917	null	null
cindy.irvin@enron.com	20918	null	null
caldwell.nancy@enron.com	20919	null	null
rmullen@enron.com	20920	null	null
scott_bither@pgn.com	20921	null	null
susan.flynn@enron.com	20922	null	null
ted.willimon@enron.com	20923	null	null
kylie.sharp@enron.com	20924	null	null
alex.holland@enron.com	20925	null	null
eruscitti@reliant.com	20926	null	null
edith.terry@enron.com	20927	null	null
brian.dafferner@enron.com	20928	null	null
8778044255@skytel.com	20929	null	null
russell.dyk@enron.com	20930	null	null
nita.garcia@enron.com	20931	null	null
lsoldan@enron.com	20932	null	null
frank.wanderski@enron.com	20933	null	null
andy.west@enron.com	20934	null	null
liddy.giamos@rbcds.com	20935	null	null
charl_cer@hotmail.com	20936	null	null
dbmaster@hosthome.net	20937	null	null
patricks_thoughts@hotmail.com	20938	null	null
smbradshaw@msn.com	20939	null	null
berwin1@txu.com	20940	null	null
richard.blandford@enron.com	20941	null	null
blandford@smtp.democrats.org	20941	null	null
steve.lafontaine@bankofamerica.com	20942	null	null
gmemec@houston.rr.com	20943	null	null
colbert@enron.com	20944	null	null
uwaycampaign@uwnyc.com	20945	null	null
jstineba@newpower.com	20946	null	null
rick.phillips@enron.com	20947	null	null
myorder@landsend.com	20948	null	null
matthew.titus@enron.com	20949	null	null
brufusd@aol.com	20950	null	null
bwoertz@caiso.com	20951	null	null
jules.s.goodman@db.com	20952	null	null
cheryl.sanders@gulfsouthpl.com	20953	null	null
jfarley@reliant.com	20954	null	null
dbiele@optonline.net	20955	null	null
jerry.harkreader@enron.com	20956	null	null
bradley.holmes@enron.com	20957	null	null
mstanton@centurycouncil.org	20958	null	null
fricciuti@dceg.com	20959	null	null
karen.hunter@enron.com	20960	null	null
bereston@flash.net	20961	null	null
victor.runge@enron.com	20962	null	null
dgbender@aep.com	20963	null	null
elsa.piekielniak@enron.com	20964	null	null
skpr@neosoft.com	20965	null	null
dkasler@sacbee.com	20966	null	null
ameritrade_018359@ameritrade.customer-email.com	20967	null	null
asandov225@aol.com	20968	null	null
mcm@vnf.com	20969	null	null
hendricksond@epenergy.com	20970	null	null
davye@sullcrom.com	20971	null	null
fostermm@seark.net	20972	null	null
scaps@apsc.com	20973	null	null
sxtofoya@tecoenergy.com	20974	null	null
boumaj@swlaw.com	20975	null	null
kara.babers@elpaso.com	20976	null	null
mhill@knowledgebeam.com	20977	null	null
weeklywrap-text@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	20978	null	null
stone319@aol.com	20979	null	null
ashfordumc@aumc.org	20980	null	null
sloanconsulting@aol.com	20981	null	null
douglas.smith@enron.com	20982	null	null
scott_gooch@yahoo.com	20983	null	null
skiba@enron.com	20984	null	null
mserve@samsclub.com	20985	null	null
team.spearman@enron.com	20986	null	null
automation.document@enron.com	20987	null	null
lynn_sieben@carrfut.com	20988	null	null
ebulletin@schwab.com	20989	null	null
bculbertson@enogex.com	20990	null	null
elected4@mailman.enron.com	20991	null	null
about-shoppingextra@aboutdirect.net	20992	null	null
rkbooth@attglobal.net	20993	null	null
listmanager@shagmail.com	20994	null	null
dwylie@aoshouston.org	20995	null	null
ben.herman@enron.com	20996	null	null
thielemannb@epenergy.com	20997	null	null
owner-pastoria@energy.ca.gov	20998	null	null
pastoria@energy.ca.gov	20998	null	null
john.quattrocchi@weil.com	20999	null	null
tim.underdown@enron.com	21000	null	null
dkk@eslawfirm.com	21001	null	null
b2bmarketplaces@ftc.gov	21002	null	null
judgecw@aol.com	21003	null	null
wsj.service@dowjones.com	21004	null	null
gtownsend@manor.isd.net	21005	null	null
gtownsend@manorisd.net	21005	null	null
jlavora@ect.enron.com	21006	null	null
jknox@sel.com	21007	null	null
ug99efgzs10@yahoo.com	21008	null	null
ostdiek@rice.edu	21009	null	null
rykomai@sempra.com	21010	null	null
texasexeschapters@alumni.utexas.edu	21011	null	null
herring.eliane@enron.com	21012	null	null
stephanie.piwetz@enron.com	21013	null	null
brian.kristjansen@enron.com	21014	null	null
rachel.peckenpaugh@enron.com	21015	null	null
sbj2@columbia.edu	21016	null	null
lira.elias@enron.com	21017	null	null
ken.merideth@axiaenergy.com	21018	null	null
ken.merideth@entergykoch.com	21018	null	null
michelle.gulka@enron.com	21019	null	null
mike.ranz@nepco.com	21020	null	null
lwente@ect.enron.com	21021	null	null
stephen.harrington@enron.com	21022	null	null
'stephen.harrington'@enron.com	21022	null	null
les.prigmore@enron.com	21023	null	null
ninasheldon@prodigy.net	21024	null	null
clafollette@kslaw.com	21025	null	null
jstelly@pdq.net	21026	null	null
jromeril@seminolecanada.com	21027	null	null
bruce_page@kindermorgan.com	21028	null	null
laura.vuittonet@enron.com	21029	null	null
layk@enron.com	21030	null	null
jorge.gumucio@enron.com	21031	null	null
swhite@notes.enron.com	21032	null	null
mccallum.will@enron.com	21033	null	null
efraser@anderson.ucla.edu	21034	null	null
jeff.stark@enron.com	21035	null	null
e205-1@haas.berkeley.edu	21036	null	null
arebil@webtv.net	21037	null	null
bill.linnehan@enron.com	21038	null	null
omtx@prod-206a.tco3.web.wcom.net	21039	null	null
swaby.keith@enron.com	21040	null	null
scc@rice.edu	21041	null	null
alex.shea@enron.com	21042	null	null
james.hoff@enron.com	21043	null	null
01019@salespoint.dealerconnection.com	21044	null	null
vjillh@hotmail.com	21045	null	null
utiliconnews.au@terrapinn.com	21046	null	null
sbrown@velaw.com	21047	null	null
svaute@coair.com	21048	null	null
richard.c.glover@fritolay.com	21049	null	null
j_hoelscher@hotmail.com	21050	null	null
leah_weaver@hotmail.com	21051	null	null
register.com@worldatamail.com	21052	null	null
register.com@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	21052	null	null
ally@waika9.com	21053	null	null
jordancapitalmanagement@worldnet.att.net	21054	null	null
tradersummary@syncrasy.com	21055	null	null
calvinniggemann1511@bikerider.com	21056	null	null
derekl@encoreenergy.com	21057	null	null
dbaughman@houston.rr.com	21058	null	null
scott.baukney@enron.com	21059	null	null
noelle_teagno@hotmail.com	21060	null	null
tara.soyal@enron.com	21061	null	null
invite.support@excitecorp.com	21062	null	null
jean_macrobbie@berlex.com	21063	null	null
larry_centola@laed.uscourts.gov	21064	null	null
richard.schneider@enron.com	21065	null	null
babbio@verizon.com	21066	null	null
babbio@bellatlantic.com	21066	null	null
mstiles@eqt.com	21067	null	null
mstiles@columbiaenergygroup.com	21067	null	null
garobet@aol.com	21068	null	null
gpaulinus@aol.com	21069	null	null
mitesh.master@enron.com	21070	null	null
gmc@whplaw.com	21071	null	null
peter.hoyt@enron.com	21072	null	null
drose@earthlink.net	21073	null	null
crandallm@ndu.edu	21074	null	null
alfred.pennisi@enron.com	21075	null	null
alfred.pennisi@mglondon.com	21075	null	null
doug.rotenberg@enron.com	21076	null	null
mwilk@lecg.com	21077	null	null
george.schaefer@enron.com	21078	null	null
sfink@knowledgeu.com	21079	null	null
vseatqjwlu@neotraffix.com	21080	null	null
rwiseman@wii.com	21081	null	null
texginn@yahoo.com	21082	null	null
heath.b.taylor@accenture.com	21083	null	null
jmhasti@ppco.com	21084	null	null
enron.wholesale.services@enron.com	21085	null	null
stephadams@juno.com	21086	null	null
katherine.perry@enron.com	21087	null	null
mike.gent@nerc.com	21088	null	null
j..legler@enron.com	21089	null	null
ann.caire@enron.com	21090	null	null
joe.belford@enron.com	21091	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.77990@joinmail.ccbn.com	21092	null	null
katie.caplan@weil.com	21093	null	null
frl3@pge.com	21094	null	null
vineet.arora@enron.com	21095	null	null
celb60@aol.com	21096	null	null
vtraylor@houstonisd.org	21097	null	null
amy_ross@baxter.com	21098	null	null
hmalik@northwestpetroleum.com	21099	null	null
3dnewsletter@news.3dstockcharts.com	21100	null	null
clay.spears@enron.com	21101	null	null
rickya@calpine.com	21102	null	null
glenn.rogers@enron.com	21103	null	null
eticketonline@coair.com	21104	null	null
rita.grubman@cliffordchance.com	21105	null	null
rkean@starband.net	21106	null	null
tjacobs@ou.edu	21107	null	null
andrea.gavino@enron.com	21108	null	null
daps@flash.net	21109	null	null
rlbryant@andrew.cmu.edu	21110	null	null
ken.sissingh@enron.com	21111	null	null
jennifer.balerio@enron.com	21112	null	null
pools@officefootballpool.com	21113	null	null
mackenzi@haas.berkeley.edu	21114	null	null
cgiammarino@prebon.com	21115	null	null
a.zeutzius@prodigy.net	21116	null	null
ndst@dynegy.com	21117	null	null
jamie.wachel@enron.com	21118	null	null
erinwill@yahoo.com	21119	null	null
barbara.lee@enron.com	21120	null	null
mvf@ecsis.net	21121	null	null
sausalitodave@yahoo.com	21122	null	null
artistchar@yahoo.com	21123	null	null
sarahmyu@hotmail.com	21124	null	null
simon.shih@enron.com	21125	null	null
fangf@wharton.upenn.edu	21126	null	null
megan.deterling@enron.com	21127	null	null
rebecca_mcdonald@enronxgate.enron.enron.net	21128	null	null
rebecca.mcdonald@enron.com	21128	null	null
lpinto@calpine.com	21129	null	null
rlbelflower@aep.com	21130	null	null
bill.greenizan@enron.com	21131	null	null
amie.jackson@enron.com	21132	null	null
jackson.amie@enron.com	21132	null	null
jminniece@gumps.com	21133	null	null
jminniece@sbcglobal.net	21133	null	null
l16605@chanteur.com	21134	null	null
dtx819@aol.com	21135	null	null
stiba.randy@enron.com	21136	null	null
cecklund@llgm.com	21137	null	null
kenneth.feinleib@riag.com	21138	null	null
g_trumbo1571@math.unibas.ch	21139	null	null
lliu0528@yahoo.com	21140	null	null
a&a.1@enron.com	21141	null	null
chealey@luce.com	21142	null	null
craig.story@enron.com	21143	null	null
betty.lantrip@kvaerner.com	21144	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_036215@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	21145	null	null
ppiptone@andrews-kurth.com	21146	null	null
darreninoff@akllp.com	21147	null	null
lynley.stewart@cancer.org	21148	null	null
julia.white@enron.com	21149	null	null
karen.harrison@enron.com	21150	null	null
jvittor@bracepatt.com	21151	null	null
ebay.54422217.3801.0@reply.ebay.com	21152	null	null
xchange_031339@xchange.customer-email.com	21153	null	null
lazytrader@go.com	21154	null	null
ide".'"ken@enron.com	21155	null	null
samuraimai@aol.com	21156	null	null
absteen@dakotacom.net	21157	null	null
kc.1846498.685.0@kc-mx.avantgo.com	21158	null	null
aruna_inalsingh@reval.com	21159	null	null
william.keeney@enron.com	21160	null	null
jflesher@kprc.com	21161	null	null
freetrial@petroleumargus.com	21162	null	null
freetrial@ptvnews.net	21162	null	null
john_brindle@enron.net	21163	null	null
john.brindle@enron.com	21163	null	null
robert.laurel@enron.com	21164	null	null
walsh.john@enron.com	21165	null	null
site59@site59.rgc2.net	21166	null	null
site59@site59.rsc03.com	21166	null	null
hosman@eskridge.net	21167	null	null
mparsons@thompsoncoburn.com	21168	null	null
new_features@listserv2.dowjones.com	21169	null	null
features@datek.m0.net	21169	null	null
inbound-sprint.110900b@imp.enlist.com	21170	null	null
john.pritchard@enron.com	21171	null	null
sd1aj81@loggain.net	21172	null	null
ann.osire@enron.com	21173	null	null
josabank_online.um.a.12.697@vremail.com	21174	null	null
chrishomsey@yahoo.com	21175	null	null
jason.thompkins@enron.com	21176	null	null
catherine.clark@enron.com	21177	null	null
gnichols@bccb.com	21178	null	null
top20deals@mail7.travelzoo.com	21179	null	null
michael.l.broughton@boeing.com	21180	null	null
lgill@wafs.com	21181	null	null
lynn.adams@elpaso.com	21182	null	null
jhdiv@binswanger.com	21183	null	null
renzassoc@earthlink.net	21184	null	null
opinionjournal@wsj.com	21185	null	null
james.heenan@ps.ge.com	21186	null	null
dick.smullen@enron.com	21187	null	null
andykmd@home.com	21188	null	null
rbnyrmag1@peach.ease.lsoft.com	21189	null	null
ect.frankfurt@enron.com	21190	null	null
rchapman@tlsc.org	21191	null	null
jolson@water.ca.gov	21192	null	null
phoenix.stocks@crmems.com	21193	null	null
co.o.l._120500@airmail.continental.com	21194	null	null
tmachej@arcfinancial.com	21195	null	null
sabrina.whaley@enron.com	21196	null	null
sabrina.whaley@us.arthurandersen.com	21196	null	null
lbullock@nyiso.com	21197	null	null
adamsd34@hongkong.com	21198	null	null
wolfcamera@ims-go.com	21199	null	null
regulatory.analysis@enron.com	21200	null	null
skip9@uole.com	21201	null	null
dzimmerman@eatonvance.com	21202	null	null
benledene@aec.ca	21203	null	null
abercrombiecc@1maw.usmc.mil	21204	null	null
muhreuh@yahoo.com	21205	null	null
laura.glenn@enron.com	21206	null	null
e16002@slo.net	21207	null	null
uhffl2001@football.fantasy.sportsline.com	21208	null	null
felipe.ibarra@enron.com	21209	null	null
lbflynns@aol.com	21210	null	null
roobannon@phillipsmcfall.com	21211	null	null
swanson.jackie@enron.com	21212	null	null
n6ih7gak2o@msn.com	21213	null	null
summe'.'kimberly@enron.com	21214	null	null
ssanderson@riskwaters.com	21215	null	null
mdjoseph@adamsbroadwell.com	21216	null	null
mdjoseph@jmbm.com	21216	null	null
rrapp@keyspanenergy.com	21217	null	null
jmagi@aol.com	21218	null	null
pflww@yahoo.com	21219	null	null
the.pulse-egm@enron.com	21220	null	null
gw125b.ny12534.purvism@gw1.wise.net	21221	null	null
todd_henne@enron.net	21222	null	null
lyoho@enron.com	21223	null	null
heather_robinson@customoffers.com	21224	null	null
gmmgk@boardermail.com	21225	null	null
ncustrelations@netbank.com	21226	null	null
evillanueva@industrialinfo.com	21227	null	null
mschacht@mail.utexas.edu	21228	null	null
biela@gateway.southlakecarroll.edu	21229	null	null
amita.gosalia@enron.com	21230	null	null
brandon.luna@enron.com	21231	null	null
bswanstrom@lockeliddell.com	21232	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3789@lists.smartmoney.com	21233	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029760@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	21234	null	null
amy_harvey@dc.kirkland.com	21235	null	null
marie_b_lopez@fpl.com	21236	null	null
newman.mike@enron.com	21237	null	null
jjorge@isda.org	21238	null	null
swanson.donald@luthbro.com	21239	null	null
revpro@polbox.com	21240	null	null
usclientservices@adaytum-msp.com	21241	null	null
cacio@copergas.com.br	21242	null	null
anand.david@enron.com	21243	null	null
subscription.list@mailman.enron.com	21244	null	null
mshelunchik@worldnet.att.net	21245	null	null
mary.collins@enron.com	21246	null	null
jens.gobel@enron.com	21247	null	null
terri_laine@patagonia.com	21248	null	null
diane_taylor@enron.com	21249	null	null
diane.taylor@enron.com	21249	null	null
dave.forster@enron.com	21250	null	null
finnegan@enron.com	21251	null	null
tom.engel@enron.com	21252	null	null
angiek@saltgrass.com	21253	null	null
arren@epis.com	21254	null	null
john.runyan@ipaper.com	21255	null	null
rlu53@hal-pc.org	21256	null	null
wbaarltx@aol.com	21257	null	null
accountinformation@community.nextcard.com	21258	null	null
barbara.lewis@enron.com	21259	null	null
laura.scott@enron.com	21260	null	null
susan.lopez@enron.com	21261	null	null
pwright@llgm.com	21262	null	null
gary.mcbee@awctexas.com	21263	null	null
mark_irwin@beavton.k12.or.us	21264	null	null
taschehoug@thermoecotek.com	21265	null	null
cgiovann@aol.com	21266	null	null
terry.bye@enron.com	21267	null	null
lhazzard@firstam.com	21268	null	null
f.billy@enron.com	21269	null	null
advdfeedback@investools.com	21270	null	null
gthomas@energyusa.com	21271	null	null
expediatraveldeals_031352@expedia.customer-email.com	21272	null	null
dedeutsch@duke-energy.com	21273	null	null
quicken_team@email.quicken2002.com	21274	null	null
quicken@update.quicken.com	21274	null	null
david.berberian@enron.com	21275	null	null
lorraine.whalley@rolls-royce.com	21276	null	null
yu970253@yahoo.com	21277	null	null
xochitl.figueroa@enron.com	21278	null	null
gurmeet.x.singh@accenture.com	21279	null	null
pdl8@cornell.edu	21280	null	null
craver@mayerbrown.com	21281	null	null
henryg@shellus.com	21282	null	null
larry.pardue@enron.com	21283	null	null
rachel.adams@enron.com	21284	null	null
daniel.batista@enron.com	21285	null	null
ishi.carter@enron.com	21286	null	null
jo.murphy@cwt.com	21287	null	null
dm-dmcn5-help@dmlogix.com	21288	null	null
gregory.smith@enron.com	21289	null	null
marde.driscoll@enron.com	21290	null	null
onepass_1221@airmail.continental.com	21291	null	null
ehamilton@fna.com	21292	null	null
ted.fiala@exelonis.com	21293	null	null
ashley.kerr@enron.com	21294	null	null
bellamulano421@yahoo.com	21295	null	null
sejalhpatel@hotmail.com	21296	null	null
j723@netmailing.cc	21297	null	null
james.sweet@enron.com	21298	null	null
estrickland@mieco.com	21299	null	null
bdeck62@yahoo.com	21300	null	null
globalfin@home.com	21301	null	null
jennifer.pattison@enron.com	21302	null	null
leslie.moore@compaq.com	21303	null	null
sheetalbajoria@hotmail.com	21304	null	null
season@restructuringtoday.com	21305	null	null
season@wizard.net	21305	null	null
david.loosley@enron.com	21306	null	null
commissioner@commissioner.com	21307	null	null
siukkuk@aol.com	21308	null	null
vincent.tang@enron.com	21309	null	null
tang_vincent@yahoo.com	21309	null	null
gerald.gilbert@enron.com	21310	null	null
sgerber@caiso.com	21311	null	null
ebm@dvclaw.com	21312	null	null
judyrtowest@earthlink.net	21313	null	null
pyburn@enron.com	21314	null	null
larry.valderrama@enron.com	21315	null	null
john_russell@dell.com	21316	null	null
halley@enron.com	21317	null	null
sscastle@srpnet.com	21318	null	null
elabano@enron.com	21319	null	null
tcalvao@elektro.com.br	21320	null	null
dw4@inetarena.com	21321	null	null
kevin_brodbeck@powderject.com	21322	null	null
4aivvxx9@msn.com	21323	null	null
insynconline.62zbn7bh.d@insync-palm.com	21324	null	null
adambob@stat.rice.edu	21325	null	null
jon.werner@enron.com	21326	null	null
tskilling@tribune.com	21327	null	null
paula.austin@enron.com	21328	null	null
the.daytrader@enron.com	21329	null	null
jeffrey.daly@gs.com	21330	null	null
1800flowers.236320828@s2u2.com	21331	null	null
kuntz@geneseo.edu	21332	null	null
don.west@enron.com	21333	null	null
danakey@aol.com	21334	null	null
haakon.olafsson@enron.com	21335	null	null
jodam@swbell.net	21336	null	null
kriordan@uclink4.berkeley.edu	21337	null	null
energyindustryinvites2@aga.org	21338	null	null
west.carol@enron.com	21339	null	null
sistone@bpa.gov	21340	null	null
gail.francis@enron.com	21341	null	null
notifier@microsoft.com	21342	null	null
shusser@enron.com	21343	null	null
kim.alexander@enron.com	21344	null	null
jsmk422@lycos.com	21345	null	null
kelly.lovvorn@enron.com	21346	null	null
krecc@andrews-kurth.com	21347	null	null
dab312@hotmail.com	21348	null	null
kent.castleman@enron.com	21349	null	null
sroy@vistacreek.com	21350	null	null
networkcommerce-rcip20011204@ombramarketing.com	21351	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5192829-5169593-ah3m8v3r@tumble2.datek.com	21352	null	null
enron.pac@enron.com	21353	null	null
pac@cpuc.ca.gov	21353	null	null
kschier@market-bridge.com	21354	null	null
jpclark@wtn.net	21355	null	null
2.3028.e0-xgb81_omkml5.1@cda01.cdnow.com	21356	null	null
wregan@caiso.com	21357	null	null
edward.r.doughty@rssmb.com	21358	null	null
lindavidsports@aol.com	21359	null	null
mfazio@keyspanenergy.com	21360	null	null
gustin.ros@nera.com	21361	null	null
lfastow@pdq.net	21362	null	null
lfastow@pop.pdq.net	21362	null	null
hhsaxon@aol.com	21363	null	null
dl-ga-all_enron_domestic@enron.com	21364	null	null
domestic.dl-ga-enron@enron.com	21364	null	null
bryan.kimzey@csfb.com	21365	null	null
kathleen_corcoran@holderness.org	21366	null	null
blyford@aecc.com	21367	null	null
ravi.tennekoon@uk.abnamro.com	21368	null	null
gordonwatson@btinternet.com	21369	null	null
sean.daren@enron.com	21370	null	null
pg@marval.com.ar	21371	null	null
knowledge.survey@enron.com	21372	null	null
beene009@highlandnow.com	21373	null	null
adsmith@brobeck.com	21374	null	null
stephen.peterson@enron.com	21375	null	null
hharris@coral-energy.com	21376	null	null
jaudas@ou.edu	21377	null	null
jones.jeanie@enron.com	21378	null	null
nels.olson@kornferry.com	21379	null	null
european.management@enron.com	21380	null	null
vote_nov6@2001victory.com	21381	null	null
craig.robert@enron.com	21382	null	null
jjackson@haas.berkeley.edu	21383	null	null
mail.help@enron.com	21384	null	null
servello.ty@enron.com	21385	null	null
ty.servello@oag.state.tx.us	21385	null	null
ty.servello@cs.oag.state.tx.us	21385	null	null
servello'.'ty@enron.com	21385	null	null
guidestreetsupport@guidestreet.customerassistance.com	21386	null	null
srenino@netscape.net	21387	null	null
jeffrey.bortniker@enron.com	21388	null	null
tim.weithman@enron.com	21389	null	null
steve.nagy@enron.com	21390	null	null
jennifer.song@enron.com	21391	null	null
ashford@ashford.m0.net	21392	null	null
maa@coned.com	21393	null	null
bbarto@enron.com	21394	null	null
lou.browder@enron.com	21395	null	null
tomk@ecar.org	21396	null	null
isb4@aol.com	21397	null	null
winpicks@mailrelay.uni-stuttgart.de	21398	null	null
kenny.burroughs@enron.com	21399	null	null
robert.eickenroht@enron.com	21400	null	null
kxy737kkji@msn.com	21401	null	null
sydney.eol@enron.com	21402	null	null
cheryl.oliver@enron.com	21403	null	null
christine.pham@enron.com	21404	null	null
elizabeth.hernandez@enron.com	21405	null	null
w.simpson@gcal.ac.uk	21406	null	null
shannon.daffern@enron.com	21407	null	null
sheila.graves@enron.com	21408	null	null
aeisenman@earthlink.net	21409	null	null
victor.munoz@enron.com	21410	null	null
mark.ratekin@enron.com	21411	null	null
mkhenderson@duke-energy.com	21412	null	null
david.herring@ss.ps.ge.com	21413	null	null
ora_l._ash@dom.com	21414	null	null
jjmqr@usa.net	21415	null	null
marasco@email.msn.com	21416	null	null
bousquet.virginia@enron.com	21417	null	null
george.c.laflin@ac.com	21418	null	null
colleenfsilva@yahoo.com	21419	null	null
eric.gonzales@enron.com	21420	null	null
greg.krause@enron.com	21421	null	null
kevin_a_howard.enronxgate.enron@enron.net	21422	null	null
ngleimba@amarillo.isd.tenet.edu	21423	null	null
sweeden@netins.net	21424	null	null
legaltemp1@enron.com	21425	null	null
lbickle@hvllc.com	21426	null	null
octspecials@ino.com	21427	null	null
arley@enron.com	21428	null	null
secretsquirrel84@aol.com	21429	null	null
deepak.sitlani@enron.com	21430	null	null
ameyer@wii.com	21431	null	null
bill.breslin@insource.com	21432	null	null
al_rosckes@enron.com	21433	null	null
kelly.merritt@enron.com	21434	null	null
sarah_c_buck@hotmail.com	21435	null	null
colleen.hulce@kornferry.com	21436	null	null
anthony.austin@enron.com	21437	null	null
fsintl@swbell.com	21438	null	null
shelley.johnson@enron.com	21439	null	null
deesamson@hotmail.com	21440	null	null
mragsdal@aol.com	21441	null	null
frank.jesus@enron.com	21442	null	null
cruss@aglresources.com	21443	null	null
sleemak@aol.com	21444	null	null
stephen.simpson@enron.com	21445	null	null
ina.rangel@enron.com	21446	null	null
laurie.m.pare@ca.pwcglobal.com	21447	null	null
donald.howard@enron.com	21448	null	null
smcadoo@mail.ev1.net	21449	null	null
smcadoo@ev1.net	21449	null	null
msngamingzone_029980@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	21450	null	null
ljefferson@jefferson-usa.com	21451	null	null
michael.barry@dynegy.com	21452	null	null
rafael.pina@enron.com	21453	null	null
hoyt.thomas@enron.com	21454	null	null
lmhorne@tampabay.rr.com	21455	null	null
bryce.schneider@enron.com	21456	null	null
rtdukes@comdisco.com	21457	null	null
kim.wilkie@enron.com	21458	null	null
sandi_j._thompson@calpx.com	21459	null	null
esavers@usairways.com	21460	null	null
dsemperger@aol.com	21461	null	null
mike.mccracken@enron.com	21462	null	null
eleader@mail.echampions2000.com	21463	null	null
positiveliving-html@emazing.com	21464	null	null
krkaspar@dow.com	21465	null	null
jennifer-nyc_williams@nyc.bm.com	21466	null	null
jan-g1@hotmail.com	21467	null	null
jan_g1@hotmail.com	21467	null	null
richard.francis@enron.com	21468	null	null
wendella.rhoads@enron.com	21469	null	null
peter.akesson@omgroup.com	21470	null	null
rogers.ben@enron.com	21471	null	null
christopher.larson@enron.com	21472	null	null
barbara.epperson@enron.com	21473	null	null
mike_niman@pgn.com	21474	null	null
maribel.monterrey@enron.com	21475	null	null
msyentah@aol.com	21476	null	null
kenneth.enron@enron.com	21477	null	null
lbourdon@earthlink.net	21478	null	null
ricky.collier@enron.com	21479	null	null
ricky.c@landmarkchevorlet.com	21479	null	null
valerie.villareal@enron.com	21480	null	null
rayfordabraham@att.com	21481	null	null
eu2k1qbe3z1t@hotmail.com	21482	null	null
heribert.kresse@enron.com	21483	null	null
bruce-keily@bakerbotts.com	21484	null	null
.keily@enron.com	21484	null	null
eleydic@yahoo.com	21485	null	null
glamadrid@lsu.edu	21486	null	null
bes_alaca@yahoo.com	21487	null	null
juan.padron@enron.com	21488	null	null
csdaulat@hotmail.com	21489	null	null
krdicker@aol.com	21490	null	null
dscott4@enron.com	21491	null	null
garth2284@umhpvaycnh.yahoo.com	21492	null	null
akretz@glasgowmedicalcenter.com	21493	null	null
thehotwire@hotwire.m0.net	21494	null	null
kristi.monson@enron.com	21495	null	null
butterworth@oag.state.fl.us	21496	null	null
dmburkett@houston.rr.com	21497	null	null
bobby_ha311000@prontomail.com	21498	null	null
karla.azevedo@enron.com	21499	null	null
matt.woodard@enron.com	21500	null	null
diskin@enron.com	21501	null	null
441230.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	21502	null	null
chuck.falkenstein@enron.com	21503	null	null
paul.henry@enron.com	21504	null	null
gastorage@aol.com	21505	null	null
hkingers@enron.com	21506	null	null
christi.culwell@enron.com	21507	null	null
cwwhite@duke-energy.com	21508	null	null
l..cromwell@enron.com	21509	null	null
barbara.sain@compaq.com	21510	null	null
alezhsu@zahrsecurities.com	21511	null	null
karin.levin@enron.com	21512	null	null
corina.taylor@enron.com	21513	null	null
r-4-479015-3637800-2-527-sg1-b6943a70@xmr3.com	21514	null	null
randy.lebeau@enron.com	21515	null	null
oldenlaw@sirius.com	21516	null	null
jennifer.medcalf@enron.com	21517	null	null
bob.ward@enron.com	21518	null	null
jennie.pai@enron.com	21519	null	null
mc.whirter@enron.com	21520	null	null
maggy.huson@enron.com	21521	null	null
michael.berger@enron.com	21522	null	null
barbara.bogenrief@nerc.net	21523	null	null
msincla@pnm.com	21524	null	null
mleslie@amgen.com	21525	null	null
stephen.r.herber@dynegy.com	21526	null	null
stephen.herber@enron.com	21526	null	null
johnwhitt@gvec.net	21527	null	null
ng.beth@enron.com	21528	null	null
beth.ng@morganstanley.com	21528	null	null
samer_takriti@enron.net	21529	null	null
samer.takriti@enron.com	21529	null	null
raffaele@banksterling.com	21530	null	null
lorraine.lindberg@enron.com	21531	null	null
nancy.k.callahan@chase.com	21532	null	null
8772405711@pagenetmessage.net	21533	null	null
mcclure@enron.com	21534	null	null
yrnffin1@aol.com	21535	null	null
rsanders@enron.com	21536	null	null
marmas@philippi.cl	21537	null	null
litz@luntz.com	21538	null	null
tracy.fairchild@edelman.com	21539	null	null
jim123@pdq.net	21540	null	null
lgdsfi1146@yahoo.com	21541	null	null
gwright@sempra.com	21542	null	null
choon-boon.heng@enron.com	21543	null	null
margaret.wysatta@enron.com	21544	null	null
debra_ceffalio@gov.state.ak.us	21545	null	null
tkuyken@ect.enron.com	21546	null	null
tkuyken@enron.com	21546	null	null
r..conner@enron.com	21547	null	null
kscully@pirnie.com	21548	null	null
kscully@hushmail.com	21548	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3764.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	21549	null	null
glouser@ddsm.ca	21550	null	null
zyzc@aol.com	21551	null	null
ksluder@optimark.com	21552	null	null
chjones66@home.com	21553	null	null
jdelater@iusb.edu	21554	null	null
ng_analysis@tonto.eia.doe.gov	21555	null	null
johndutton@earthlink.net	21556	null	null
tweil@skadden.com	21557	null	null
cbr900john@aol.com	21558	null	null
sns0038@labs.tamu.edu	21559	null	null
mfe252@airmail.net	21560	null	null
veronica.parra@enron.com	21561	null	null
leslie.abreo@kalotay.com	21562	null	null
cpapish@sempratrading.com	21563	null	null
chaz.vaughan@enron.com	21564	null	null
cyndi.wulfson@enron.com	21565	null	null
lblankt1@aol.com	21566	null	null
sthorne@synagro.com	21567	null	null
asama@yahoo.com	21568	null	null
elyse.kalmans@enron.com	21569	null	null
fortucast@lisco.com	21570	null	null
riordm@tdusa.com	21571	null	null
melissa.knightstep@enron.com	21572	null	null
expediafaretracker_031541@expedia.customer-email.com	21573	null	null
rsaltiel@enron.com	21574	null	null
arusiagbara@yahoo.com	21575	null	null
ktgotts@aol.com	21576	null	null
joshua.meachum@enron.com	21577	null	null
jamlisz@uswest.com	21578	null	null
pchoi@ect.enron.com	21579	null	null
smacfarland@gpch.org	21580	null	null
brian.barth@enron.com	21581	null	null
galbin@mtsqh.com	21582	null	null
babu@babuart.com	21583	null	null
r-announce@r-project.org	21584	null	null
r-announce@stat.math.ethz.ch	21584	null	null
nomoresnoring@aol.com	21585	null	null
linkbarr@home.com	21586	null	null
richard.leibert@enron.com	21587	null	null
poland.elizabeth@enron.com	21588	null	null
june.bood@us.pwcglobal.com	21589	null	null
achaber@entergy.com	21590	null	null
houstonm@rice.edu	21591	null	null
rjslaughter@mdbe.com	21592	null	null
rshapiro@enron.com	21593	null	null
sean.kiehne@enron.com	21594	null	null
dttran@duke-energy.com	21595	null	null
gsmith3@keyspanenergy.com	21596	null	null
terryh@email.uky.edu	21597	null	null
kakhtar@exchange.ml.com	21598	null	null
larry.morse@enron.com	21599	null	null
dverban@wpsenergy.com	21600	null	null
bbocane@ect.enron.com	21601	null	null
f..keavey@enron.com	21602	null	null
lazydaytrader@eudoramail.com	21603	null	null
lazydaytrader@hotmail.com	21603	null	null
terri.miller@enron.com	21604	null	null
chris.elliott@enron.com	21605	null	null
zeus@mountolympus.com	21606	null	null
407982.65408498.1@1.americanexpress.com	21607	null	null
nancy.morales@enron.com	21608	null	null
marksmuller@enron.com	21609	null	null
lcaiafa@aol.com	21610	null	null
je2n@andrew.cmu.edu	21611	null	null
rcit20011127@ombramarketing.com	21612	null	null
blarkin@phjw.com	21613	null	null
matt.culver@enron.com	21614	null	null
padilla@enron.com	21615	null	null
norm.ruiz@enron.com	21616	null	null
teseo.bergoglio@enron.com	21617	null	null
jskilli@ei.enron.com	21618	null	null
jskilli@enron.com	21618	null	null
mgraham@euromoneyplc.com	21619	null	null
bsholt@dow.com	21620	null	null
btlucek@prodigy.net	21621	null	null
bill.miller@uschamber.com	21622	null	null
wkaseme@enron.com	21623	null	null
bmadden@gibbs-bruns.com	21624	null	null
servicemagic@sevicemagic.coopt.com	21625	null	null
ejzagar@aol.com	21626	null	null
nshabat@post.harvard.edu	21627	null	null
kcrisa@apex2000.net	21628	null	null
andrew.lawrence@enron.com	21629	null	null
hurleyp@talgov.com	21630	null	null
trey.hardy@enron.com	21631	null	null
kayla.crenshaw@enron.com	21632	null	null
ect.announcement@enron.com	21633	null	null
kevin.garland@enron.com	21634	null	null
garland@enron.com	21634	null	null
dabraver@aol.com	21635	null	null
huei-ying.wang@enron.com	21636	null	null
jshirley1@houston.rr.com	21637	null	null
hicham.benjelloun@enron.com	21638	null	null
white_flower_farm-151991871-16210086@service.populardemand.com	21639	null	null
nancy.f.white@betzdearborn.com	21639	null	null
grmail@gr-mailbck.giantreward.com	21640	null	null
marisha.negovetich@ltgov.state.tx.us	21641	null	null
erica.harris@enron.com	21642	null	null
c..randle@enron.com	21643	null	null
mleung@callisma.com	21644	null	null
mternber@library.berkeley.edu	21645	null	null
expediafaretracker_021208@expedia.customer-email.com	21646	null	null
nbondare@enron.com	21647	null	null
donatenow@usa.redcross.org	21648	null	null
dean.russell@enron.com	21649	null	null
newsflash@theknot.com	21650	null	null
don.hawkins@enron.com	21651	null	null
andrew.wells@enron.com	21652	null	null
mustafa_kamal@ca5.uscourts.gov	21653	null	null
handtec@wharton.upenn.edu	21654	null	null
rbakke@edisonmission.com	21655	null	null
bmahaffay@aol.com	21656	null	null
prbaillargeon@marathonoil.com	21657	null	null
robinson.jami@enron.com	21658	null	null
ted.ryther@enron.com	21659	null	null
patodonnell@ubs.com	21660	null	null
monica.reasoner@enron.com	21661	null	null
microhand@yahoo.com	21662	null	null
danastrada@houston.rr.com	21663	null	null
lgc@roce-inc.com	21664	null	null
arturo@campbell.com	21665	null	null
novspecials@ino.com	21666	null	null
jshaffer@aep.com	21667	null	null
alexis.keene@compaq.com	21668	null	null
enron.general.announcements.enronxgate@enron.com	21669	null	null
denise.almoina@enron.com	21670	null	null
iceara@aol.com	21671	null	null
keith.simper@enron.com	21672	null	null
us/houstonmiller@enron.com	21673	null	null
shatter570@aol.com	21674	null	null
harry.collins@enron.com	21675	null	null
indyandy06@msn.com	21676	null	null
newsforyou@mymeetings.com	21677	null	null
amartin@enron.com	21678	null	null
amartin@azurix.com	21678	null	null
corporate.security@enron.com	21679	null	null
security.corporate@enron.com	21679	null	null
stenberg.steve@enron.com	21680	null	null
john.mcmullan@enron.com	21681	null	null
sharon.killey@enron.com	21682	null	null
hunters.shively@enron.com	21683	null	null
csteffes@dodi.com	21684	null	null
ksumant@hotmail.com	21685	null	null
kenneth.booi@mirant.com	21686	null	null
kenneth.booi@enron.com	21686	null	null
janmorency@paulhastings.com	21687	null	null
leroym@ymcahouston.org	21688	null	null
dbaumba@enron.com	21689	null	null
paul.finken@enron.com	21690	null	null
paul_finken@enron.net	21690	null	null
james.harvey@enron.com	21691	null	null
rdjones@water.ca.gov	21692	null	null
dkmc@airmail.net	21693	null	null
gayle.horn@enron.com	21694	null	null
dacker72@aol.com	21695	null	null
jondawonda@enron.com	21696	null	null
sylvia.baker@weil.com	21697	null	null
wsnyder@saylid.com	21698	null	null
kenneth.lambert@enron.com	21699	null	null
virgil_haney@yahoo.com	21700	null	null
gackerman@wptf.org	21701	null	null
gina_m_gorczynski@reliantenergy.com	21702	null	null
j_gozalezs@hotmail.com	21703	null	null
mary.turina@enron.com	21704	null	null
david.mcelwee@vynpc.com	21705	null	null
onsitedg@aol.com	21706	null	null
amosconi@idc.com	21707	null	null
amosconi@enron.com	21707	null	null
alan09510780013@pacbell.net	21708	null	null
boycebrian@hotmail.com	21709	null	null
culley.harrelson@enron.com	21710	null	null
nrrsowhlyydpb@hotmail.com	21711	null	null
raimund.grube@enron.com	21712	null	null
sawatson@bpa.gov	21713	null	null
david_jackson@customoffers.com	21714	null	null
david.jackson@blakes.com	21714	null	null
shirley.hudler@enron.com	21715	null	null
mons.ellingson@pinnaclewest.com	21716	null	null
mons'.'ellingson@enron.com	21716	null	null
mons.ellingson@enron.com	21716	null	null
cus_all_billusers@nyiso.com	21717	null	null
joann.scott@ferc.fed.us	21718	null	null
niles.donegan@dartmouth.edu	21719	null	null
aedison@bracepatt.com	21720	null	null
rnichol@firstunion1.com	21721	null	null
brewster.jamie@enron.com	21722	null	null
expediafaretracker_034419@expedia.customer-email.com	21723	null	null
paige691@keyanoc.ab.ca	21724	null	null
thomas.vanmatre@elpaso.com	21725	null	null
ghills@br-inc.com	21726	null	null
gilbertj@gtlaw.com	21727	null	null
sandy.lewelling@enron.com	21728	null	null
larry.aguirre@enron.com	21729	null	null
ren@enron.com	21730	null	null
jgrover@txu.com	21731	null	null
jlopez@cvcnet.com	21732	null	null
jlopez@opltexas.com	21732	null	null
gateway1@pdq.net	21733	null	null
mfranz@sppc.com	21734	null	null
hc1cl54@kahkaha.com	21735	null	null
trang.le@enron.com	21736	null	null
stowsky@haas.berkeley.edu	21737	null	null
tim.newman@williams.com	21738	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_037628@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	21739	null	null
jkeiser@wallace.com	21740	null	null
jkeiser@wetmore-printing.com	21740	null	null
linda.lawrence@enron.com	21741	null	null
szacharias@media-general.com	21742	null	null
inja.chun@enron.com	21743	null	null
zombiwoman@mail.com	21744	null	null
1800flowers.212797270@s2u2.com	21745	null	null
yolanda.pena@enron.com	21746	null	null
sullivan.eric@enron.com	21747	null	null
441230.129113116.2@1.americanexpress.com	21748	null	null
magda.manigque@kp.org	21749	null	null
npng.operations@enron.com	21750	null	null
robinson.rosicki@juno.com	21751	null	null
lcoleygray@sbcglobal.net	21752	null	null
maria.bliss@usbw.com	21753	null	null
jimemerson@hotmail.com	21754	null	null
nigel.carling@enron.com	21755	null	null
wvih1ybb@msn.com	21756	null	null
peterbennborn@compuserve.com	21757	null	null
charles.mathis@elpaso.com	21758	null	null
sraatz@warburgpincus.com	21759	null	null
vczstfddrsw@hotmail.com	21760	null	null
maricela.trevino@enron.com	21761	null	null
insynconline.6rgwmt22.d@insync-palm.com	21762	null	null
keith.power@enron.com	21763	null	null
rene.moulinet@enron.com	21764	null	null
alberto_jaramillo@putnaminv.com	21765	null	null
footy13@earthlink.net	21766	null	null
olsson_bc@willis.com	21767	null	null
scoma_lisa@gsb.stanford.edu	21768	null	null
chyde@earthsat.com	21769	null	null
chyde@sark.com	21769	null	null
cecil.stapley@enron.com	21770	null	null
omain7@aol.com	21771	null	null
slav_fain@yahoo.com	21772	null	null
ricardo.perez@enron.com	21773	null	null
sandra.butcher@enron.com	21774	null	null
/.cn=\\"@enron.com	21775	null	null
bholman@la.whitecase.com	21776	null	null
bholman@whitecase.com	21776	null	null
indushahani@yahoo.com	21777	null	null
laruzow@concentric.net	21778	null	null
allen.ueckert@enron.com	21779	null	null
trevor.mihalik@enron.com	21780	null	null
trevor.mihalik@bhlp.com	21780	null	null
hyatt-20695-63989@m2.innovyx.com	21781	null	null
david.eubanks@enron.com	21782	null	null
webhost@interliant.com	21783	null	null
penny.mccarran@enron.com	21784	null	null
deborah.o'jones@enron.com	21785	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5123565-5100329-xzhru7st@tumble2.datek.com	21786	null	null
frank.sayre@enron.com	21787	null	null
john.house@enron.com	21788	null	null
jbaer1@maine.rr.com	21789	null	null
slaveone@home.com	21790	null	null
blathram@lmnarchitects.com	21791	null	null
kimiani@aol.com	21792	null	null
dl-etsgascontrollers@enron.com	21793	null	null
bo.petersen@enron.com	21794	null	null
bad@vnf.com	21795	null	null
jdne@dynegy.com	21796	null	null
christopher.ahn@enron.com	21797	null	null
viagranow9957@yahoo.com	21798	null	null
robert.chmielewski@enron.com	21799	null	null
lori.pinder@enron.com	21800	null	null
bcombs@ameripol.com	21801	null	null
dzarr@jwortham.com	21802	null	null
thebot@listbot.com	21803	null	null
jitendra.patel@enron.com	21804	null	null
dawnell.a.pace@williams.com	21805	null	null
psaverance@coral-energy.com	21806	null	null
alexandre.bueno@enron.com	21807	null	null
watkiss'.'dan@enron.com	21808	null	null
d.watkiss@bracepatt.com	21808	null	null
watkiss.dan@enron.com	21808	null	null
connie.strickland@enron.com	21809	null	null
patrick.barry@enron.com	21810	null	null
lholton1@txu.com	21811	null	null
bruno.messer@enron.com	21812	null	null
mxyk@msn.com	21813	null	null
john.protzel@cambira.com	21814	null	null
crgpub@lists.crgmail.com	21815	null	null
expedia.com_011916@expedia.customer-email.com	21816	null	null
sunil.vaze@enron.com	21817	null	null
amontalbano@pyatok.com	21818	null	null
skeeters@telepath.com	21819	null	null
kcmanatee@yahoo.com	21820	null	null
salleyoo@dwt.com	21821	null	null
barbara.dambergs@nepco.com	21822	null	null
enronforum@enronforum.com	21823	null	null
takashi.kimura@enron.com	21824	null	null
james_esquivel@equityoffice.com	21825	null	null
cindytarsi@aol.com	21826	null	null
brad.cheney@enron.com	21827	null	null
hortm652n@skynet.be	21828	null	null
david.guillaume@enron.com	21829	null	null
giblin.chris@enron.com	21830	null	null
andrew_m_ozuna@mail.bankone.com	21831	null	null
dwhaley@coral-energy.com	21832	null	null
mathew'.'george@enron.com	21833	null	null
jbennett@enron.com	21834	null	null
jbennett@gmssr.com	21834	null	null
jbennett@gmsnr.com	21834	null	null
'jbennett'@enron.com	21834	null	null
jcperez@vhlpr.com	21835	null	null
dl-ets_pfp@enron.com	21836	null	null
glenna.ross@blakes.com	21837	null	null
lynn.g.dahlberg@williams.com	21838	null	null
annualconference@prosrm.com	21839	null	null
aei-bi_updates@www.brook.edu	21840	null	null
aei-bi_updates@www.brookings.org	21840	null	null
jeffsmirin@txu.com	21841	null	null
ddelain@aol.com	21842	null	null
eschneider@houstontech.org	21843	null	null
laboon.bruce@enron.com	21844	null	null
uhenning@foxboro.com	21845	null	null
vandervliet.barb@enron.com	21846	null	null
oewdd@daum.net	21847	null	null
dale.potter@enron.com	21848	null	null
vishwanatha.venkataswami@enron.com	21849	null	null
michael.mann@enron.com	21850	null	null
mei-ling.chen@enron.com	21851	null	null
dolph.selten@enron.com	21852	null	null
ees.trades@enron.com	21853	null	null
david.stark@sales.turner.com	21854	null	null
laurie.ellis@enron.com	21855	null	null
dizzy_dizzy21@hotmail.com	21856	null	null
cmr@haas.berkeley.edu	21857	null	null
don.daze@enron.com	21858	null	null
dturner@accountpros.com	21859	null	null
heddamcallister@aol.com	21860	null	null
kennethlay@enron.com	21861	null	null
cpbartle@aol.com	21862	null	null
maggie.li@enron.com	21863	null	null
jschwie@ect.enron.com	21864	null	null
jschwie@enron.com	21864	null	null
tmullin@milesstockbridge.com	21865	null	null
calretailers@calretailers.com	21866	null	null
joe.wong@enron.com	21867	null	null
amazingdealsclub@m-ul.com	21868	null	null
ewae_johann@lilly.com	21869	null	null
kykoyano@calpx.com	21870	null	null
kelly.templeton@enron.com	21871	null	null
wilson.kriegel@enron.com	21872	null	null
removeme@cubicles.com	21873	null	null
jdegeeter@velaw.com	21874	null	null
tsn2@pge.com	21875	null	null
janiceavery78@hotmail.com	21876	null	null
jhhspark@mindspring.com	21877	null	null
eldonsellers@hotmail.com	21878	null	null
tbaw20011119@ombramarketing.com	21879	null	null
egarcia@s1inc.com	21880	null	null
steve.stocker@enron.com	21881	null	null
gpier@doubleclick.net	21882	null	null
reite@enron.com	21883	null	null
j.m.stinson@conoco.com	21884	null	null
grocerywor@processrequest.com	21885	null	null
shelly.corman@enron.com	21886	null	null
sfogel@cantor.com	21887	null	null
valerie.ridinger@alcoa.com	21888	null	null
a2street@hewitt.com	21889	null	null
karlr4@zipcon.net	21890	null	null
klarus@sbsc.org	21891	null	null
gljackson2@tva.gov	21892	null	null
dan.ayers@enron.com	21893	null	null
guyjul@aol.com	21894	null	null
mike.atkins@enron.com	21895	null	null
montgomery'.'brian@enron.com	21896	null	null
klovvorn@hess.com	21897	null	null
jeff.forbis@enron.com	21898	null	null
dinos.gonatas@enron.com	21899	null	null
paul.canha@enron.com	21900	null	null
ladonna.dervin@enron.com	21901	null	null
geneva.hiroms@enron.com	21902	null	null
sfertitta@haysmcconn.com	21903	null	null
kathy_d_scott@reliantenergy.com	21904	null	null
mike.zabawa@enron.com	21905	null	null
olivermsmith@hotmail.com	21906	null	null
drex@cablespeed.com	21907	null	null
zzmacmac@aol.com	21908	null	null
peggy_davies@baylor.edu	21909	null	null
fredrik.eriksson@enron.com	21910	null	null
dorothy.youngblood@enron.com	21911	null	null
soldbydj@aol.com	21912	null	null
paules@aspentech.com	21913	null	null
olliecat60@hotmail.com	21914	null	null
business020864@hotbot.com	21915	null	null
jwimp@enervestdgo.com	21916	null	null
network.security@enron.com	21917	null	null
mckinseyquarterly@adm.chtah.com	21918	null	null
mckinseyquarterly@qdweb.net	21918	null	null
mckinseyquarterly@mckinsey.com	21918	null	null
mkoch@fbclj.org	21919	null	null
alumni.office@anderson.ucla.edu	21920	null	null
jschniedernd@hotmail.com	21921	null	null
lleahy@hightechbiz.com	21922	null	null
tbre20011126@ombramarketing.com	21923	null	null
cscott_korea@yahoo.com	21924	null	null
cscott@ala.net	21924	null	null
dave.guzman@fluor.com	21925	null	null
rkgbh@aol.com	21926	null	null
karen.owens@enron.com	21927	null	null
xavier.bonnard@enron.com	21928	null	null
mitchell_taylor@enron.com	21929	null	null
mitchell.taylor@enron.com	21929	null	null
james.howard@ubsw.com	21930	null	null
pearson.robert@enron.com	21931	null	null
steven_fallt@pgn.com	21932	null	null
wickedbill@yahoo.com	21933	null	null
gksmdbz8cvw@hotmail.com	21934	null	null
robot@cigaraficionado.com	21935	null	null
3469@163.net	21936	null	null
kelly.michael@enron.com	21937	null	null
morganize@yahoo.com	21938	null	null
jobrien@snowyhydro.com.au	21939	null	null
breilly@ubspw.com	21940	null	null
dennis.lee@enron.com	21941	null	null
lee.dennis@enron.com	21941	null	null
gerald.skertich@enron.com	21942	null	null
charlie.graham@enron.com	21943	null	null
danilo.juvane@enron.com	21944	null	null
rennageda778@giant.lib.klte.hu	21945	null	null
aseagleson@yahoo.com	21946	null	null
jasonpeters@akllp.com	21947	null	null
hain-urban@juno.com	21948	null	null
lmcdonough@iso-ne.com	21949	null	null
market.services@enron.com	21950	null	null
jgerard1@rcnchicago.com	21951	null	null
enronhaedicke@enron.com	21952	null	null
janicek@us.ibm.com	21953	null	null
amy.spoede@enron.com	21954	null	null
hotpick@yahoo.com.tw	21955	null	null
communityrelations@enron.com	21956	null	null
philgrossweiler@alum.mit.edu	21957	null	null
djstephens@aep.com	21958	null	null
balgeo@rpw200.com	21959	null	null
mosely.denise@enron.com	21960	null	null
mcminn.t.l.@enron.com	21961	null	null
plinn@calstate.edu	21962	null	null
dbonn@summitenergy.com	21963	null	null
kingsley'.'sanford@enron.com	21964	null	null
scottwl@hotmail.com	21965	null	null
joseph.del@enron.com	21966	null	null
cbaker@velaw.com	21967	null	null
8773088623@airmessage.net	21968	null	null
dan.kruger@lcra.org	21969	null	null
b.a.fegley@alumni.moody.edu	21970	null	null
charles.bebel@enron.com	21971	null	null
bturner@ssoe.com	21972	null	null
dsanchez@tradespark.com	21973	null	null
dsanchez@apqc.org	21973	null	null
mcconnell.sarah@enron.com	21974	null	null
sarah.mcconnell@compaq.com	21974	null	null
sarah.mcconnell@enron.com	21974	null	null
skawano@isda.org	21975	null	null
cajobrindle@entouch.net	21976	null	null
vickyha@onebox.com	21977	null	null
lfeusi@caiso.com	21978	null	null
craig.clark@enron.com	21979	null	null
returnacctr5475@yahoo.com	21980	null	null
doug.imrie@enron.com	21981	null	null
braedi.craig@enron.com	21982	null	null
diane.niestrath@enron.com	21983	null	null
murex@manado.wasantara.net.id	21984	null	null
lwolv@worldaccessnet.com	21985	null	null
kinhbui@aol.com	21986	null	null
paulfenn@local.org	21987	null	null
amm8@pge.com	21988	null	null
phillip_morris.um.a.21.2096@em10.net	21989	null	null
pkrieger@sjs.org	21990	null	null
jblantonjr@yahoo.com	21991	null	null
george.wasaff@enron.com	21992	null	null
nancy.oehring@enron.com	21993	null	null
cushnice@sce.com	21994	null	null
haskell.mayo@gxs.ge.com	21995	null	null
mpstan0@hotmail.com	21996	null	null
lenny.hochschild@enron.com	21997	null	null
larry.taylor@enron.com	21998	null	null
mlokay@enron.com	21999	null	null
mryan@calltech.com	22000	null	null
dkovelsky@meridien-research.com	22001	null	null
robert.grant@enron.com	22002	null	null
litebytz@enron.com	22003	null	null
eleanor.best@bc.edu	22004	null	null
dh@quinnemanuel.com	22005	null	null
rawls@ectech.com	22006	null	null
richard.schweiger@enron.com	22007	null	null
pocket515@hotmail.com	22008	null	null
listservices@optinnetwork.0ll1.net	22009	null	null
listservices@open2win.1ll0.net	22009	null	null
curt.roseman@williams.com	22010	null	null
curt@libation.com	22010	null	null
new.requirements@enron.com	22011	null	null
orig.dl-eol@enron.com	22012	null	null
jgkoomey@lbl.gov	22013	null	null
cwall@tr.com	22014	null	null
ray.hamman@enron.com	22015	null	null
sludwig@comdt.uscg.mil	22016	null	null
gurinder.tamber@enron.com	22017	null	null
rralexan@wt.net	22018	null	null
jdmnash@home.com	22019	null	null
gene.huang@enron.com	22020	null	null
wardell@enron.com	22021	null	null
gina.taylor@enron.com	22022	null	null
thoubycar@spancity.com	22023	null	null
fx00@haas.berkeley.edu	22024	null	null
isobussys@caiso.com	22025	null	null
jack.hawks@gen.pge.com	22026	null	null
asem.atta@enron.com	22027	null	null
ndbrian@lycos.com	22028	null	null
rollins_college.um.a.2742.1561@directoryproject.bchp.com	22029	null	null
gary.bowers@eds.com	22030	null	null
m..grace@enron.com	22031	null	null
patty.hermanek@enron.com	22032	null	null
suryan.simunovic@enron.com	22033	null	null
luiz.watanabe@enron.com	22034	null	null
virginia_hewelt@dell.com	22035	null	null
dert55@arabia.com	22036	null	null
dert55@eudoramail.com	22036	null	null
todb@metretekfl.com	22037	null	null
ssciortino@anaheim.net	22038	null	null
robert.turner@enron.com	22039	null	null
lou.stoler@enron.com	22040	null	null
2.3018.e3-iczu1y_v8aya.1@cda01.cdnow.com	22041	null	null
gwingerd@ercot.com	22042	null	null
erin.rice@enron.com	22043	null	null
beena.pradhan@enron.com	22044	null	null
salisha.ramos@enron.com	22045	null	null
jr.paul@enron.com	22046	null	null
apisciotta@kelleydrye.com	22047	null	null
steve.esch@enron.com	22048	null	null
darcy@tonkon.com	22049	null	null
camp2scott@aol.com	22050	null	null
maureenraymond@houston.rr.com	22051	null	null
ukisrbqjfulvtgyu@hotmail.com	22052	null	null
sandy.stone@enron.com	22053	null	null
chris.bowling@enron.com	22054	null	null
edotson@nymex.com	22055	null	null
scudder@enron.com	22056	null	null
charles.hudson@linklaters.com	22057	null	null
andre.rast@enron.com	22058	null	null
andra@stanfordalumni.org	22059	null	null
jmathes@nbchamber.com	22060	null	null
jrredding@aol.com	22061	null	null
yyyml@doar.net	22062	null	null
tconvery@wharton.upenn.edu	22063	null	null
ecalvo@dcf.pemex.com	22064	null	null
j.nesmith@prodigy.net	22065	null	null
terickson@cftc.gov	22066	null	null
yowza68@hotmail.com	22067	null	null
fiona.stewart@enron.com	22068	null	null
westveld.brad@enron.com	22069	null	null
michael.allen@enron.com	22070	null	null
joyce.teixeira@enron.com	22071	null	null
noel.ryan@enron.com	22072	null	null
clearhead@mailman.enron.com	22073	null	null
announce-list@sfx.com	22074	null	null
announce-list@clearchannel.com	22074	null	null
amy.hood@gs.com	22075	null	null
amy.hood@us.brann.com	22075	null	null
jaehyun.lee@kr.pwcglobal.com	22076	null	null
mfeaster@sewanee.edu	22077	null	null
leo3@linbeck.com	22078	null	null
freequote@mail2.emediatemail.com	22079	null	null
marriottrewards2@marriott.m0.net	22080	null	null
mgoblue1@yahoo.com	22081	null	null
team.carlton@enron.com	22082	null	null
amepya2@hotmail.com	22083	null	null
jackie.adams@cinergy.com	22084	null	null
jackie.adams@cingery.com	22084	null	null
m.scott.kuehn@intel.com	22085	null	null
'kuehn@enron.com	22085	null	null
paul_a_karns@fpl.com	22086	null	null
full.throttle@bigfoot.com	22087	null	null
ryan.carson@indigoinvestor.com	22088	null	null
mary.ellenberger@enron.com	22089	null	null
vgreaff@gt.pge.com	22090	null	null
glenn.krings@sterling.com	22091	null	null
tbmueck@vnet.net	22092	null	null
mortloan6275@postino.ch	22093	null	null
arlene.mendieta@enron.com	22094	null	null
8778552081@pagenet.net	22095	null	null
8778552081@pagenetmessage.net	22095	null	null
john.warner@enron.com	22096	null	null
jane.stothers@foothillspipe.com	22097	null	null
muirj@coned.com	22098	null	null
delivere@delivere.com	22099	null	null
craig.mcdowell@mirant.com	22100	null	null
403100.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	22101	null	null
wppoliticsdaily@letters.washingtonpost.com	22102	null	null
rpickle@isda.org	22103	null	null
underja@email.msn.com	22104	null	null
kpiotrus@genesiscrudeoil.com	22105	null	null
rob.wheeler@enron.com	22106	null	null
wavelengthsalon@aol.com	22107	null	null
sclark7@houston.rr.com	22108	null	null
suzannarseth@cs.com	22109	null	null
deborah.culver@enron.com	22110	null	null
cking@kosmont.com	22111	null	null
cking@nyiso.com	22111	null	null
savemoney@mail2.emediatemail.com	22112	null	null
online1@wellsfargo.m0.net	22113	null	null
john.metzler@enron.com	22114	null	null
javier.jaramillo@enron.com	22115	null	null
teun.biert@enron.com	22116	null	null
iengelhardt@peabodyenergy.com	22117	null	null
andreas.radmacher@enron.com	22118	null	null
kdautenh@lehman.com	22119	null	null
zanadok@yahoo.com	22120	null	null
fund@enron.com	22121	null	null
mark.dawson@alcan.com	22122	null	null
ica777@hotmail.com	22123	null	null
mbrolly@worldnet.att.net	22124	null	null
wewerlacy@aol.com	22125	null	null
americandiam@earthlink.net	22126	null	null
wildfam1@juno.com	22127	null	null
fstiber@dg-studios.com	22128	null	null
suzanne.bain@enron.com	22129	null	null
bain@haas.berkeley.edu	22129	null	null
value28@mailman.enron.com	22130	null	null
bschlattman@mindspring.com	22131	null	null
special.events@news.sothebys.com	22132	null	null
gdavis2@enron.com	22133	null	null
janine.migden@enron.com	22134	null	null
kwoo@itsa.ucsf.edu	22135	null	null
tammy.gonzales@rweamericas.com	22136	null	null
employ@sce.com	22137	null	null
eletter-members@digitalcity.com	22138	null	null
jsteffes@bkd.com	22139	null	null
jsteffes@enron.com	22139	null	null
jez.peters@enron.com	22140	null	null
mark.ebert@broadwing.com	22141	null	null
mara.sue@enron.com	22142	null	null
wiw3z7oo4i@hotmail.com	22143	null	null
larry.dallman@enron.com	22144	null	null
roger.persson@enron.com	22145	null	null
john.guidry@enron.com	22146	null	null
acarter@westerngas.com	22147	null	null
home.refinace@mailman.enron.com	22148	null	null
bennett.d.a.@enron.com	22149	null	null
adams.jim@enron.com	22150	null	null
esummers@digitas.com	22151	null	null
lpolk@enron.com	22152	null	null
sivakumar.govindasamy@enron.com	22153	null	null
lestep@serc1.org	22154	null	null
hal.bertram@enron.com	22155	null	null
selena.reyes@enron.com	22156	null	null
elloyd@pdq.net	22157	null	null
sommerhe@haas.berkeley.edu	22158	null	null
sgifford@nevp.com	22159	null	null
jgiordano@catequil.com	22160	null	null
anurag.saksena@gmacrfc.com	22161	null	null
ron.nolte@enron.com	22162	null	null
norman.young@enron.com	22163	null	null
eric.newell@enron.com	22164	null	null
wgregory@hcad.org	22165	null	null
blasts@216.173.29.238	22166	null	null
liz.barrett@enron.com	22167	null	null
brian_soth@pgn.com	22168	null	null
gareth.bahlmann@enron.com	22169	null	null
ezzy622@yahoo.com	22170	null	null
dganc@yahoo.com	22171	null	null
duchess4@inmail.sk	22172	null	null
bonnie.chang@enron.com	22173	null	null
2.4066.1a-vwagspmubty1.1@cda01.cdnow.com	22174	null	null
dale.nesbitt@altosmgmt.com	22175	null	null
dale.nesbitt@worldnet.att.net	22175	null	null
dale.nesbitt@marketpointinc.com	22175	null	null
lcrutchfield@zeusdevelopment.com	22176	null	null
matt.lorenz@enron.com	22177	null	null
lorenz@enron.com	22177	null	null
gordon.hagendorf@kvaerner.com	22178	null	null
jongill78@hotmail.com	22179	null	null
james.ginty@enron.com	22180	null	null
joseph.franz@enron.com	22181	null	null
ott.sarah@enron.com	22182	null	null
'ott@enron.com	22182	null	null
twilson@deltapetrochem.com	22183	null	null
mevans32@eeshou.thebentleycompany.com	22184	null	null
stacey.barclay@enron.com	22185	null	null
don.mckay@axa-pacific.ca	22186	null	null
altonh@swiftenergy.com	22187	null	null
dporter3@enron.com	22188	null	null
souad.mahmassani@enron.com	22189	null	null
mike.harris@enron.com	22190	null	null
sbhalla@milbank.com	22191	null	null
jreames@br-inc.com	22192	null	null
imrazor@hotmail.com	22193	null	null
shimmlines@yahoo.com	22194	null	null
kroberts2@pclient.ml.com	22195	null	null
rogers.edward@enron.com	22196	null	null
derrick.jones@suntrust.com	22197	null	null
webwork@energy.state.ca.us	22198	null	null
knirel@yahoo.com	22199	null	null
geriann.warner@enron.com	22200	null	null
rooks'.'cindi@enron.com	22201	null	null
hmason@hesinet.com	22202	null	null
houstontexans@newsletter.houstontexans.com	22203	null	null
fescofield@1411west.com	22204	null	null
jason.kaniss@enron.com	22205	null	null
nicole.schwartz@enron.com	22206	null	null
tkelley5@austin.rr.com	22207	null	null
craigl_77@yahoo.com	22208	null	null
craigl@hypercon.com	22208	null	null
craigl@calpine.com	22208	null	null
taffy.milligan@enron.com	22209	null	null
project.candidates@enron.com	22210	null	null
sms-offers-html@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	22211	null	null
g16895@thai2k.com	22212	null	null
davetune@rci.rutgers.edu	22213	null	null
les.webber@enron.com	22214	null	null
twaldrop@robinsonwaldrop.com	22215	null	null
syamane@marathon-com.com	22216	null	null
419529.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	22217	null	null
nosheen.ali@enron.com	22218	null	null
p..o'neil@enron.com	22219	null	null
thomasandkaren@home.com	22220	null	null
michael.sergeev@enron.com	22221	null	null
onidesigns@aol.com	22222	null	null
available.help.22v54@si-m.co.jp	22223	null	null
cmorris@mdck.com	22224	null	null
listserv@peach.ease.lsoft.com	22225	null	null
listserv@mail.abanet.org	22225	null	null
listserv@mercury.questia.com	22225	null	null
listserv@ablist.about.com	22225	null	null
kathy.crosswhite@enron.com	22226	null	null
rick.bellows@enron.com	22227	null	null
bobbie.campbell@enron.com	22228	null	null
jkmurphy@jonesday.com	22229	null	null
bagross@aep.com	22230	null	null
gbrunk@cantera-resources.com	22231	null	null
patrick.nitsch@ecoutlook.com	22232	null	null
gbojp@netdoor.com	22233	null	null
wcemailerrors@fds.com	22234	null	null
gannaway@enron.com	22235	null	null
414371.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	22236	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3395@lists.smartmoney.com	22237	null	null
jblissard@velaw.com	22238	null	null
hgpmullinx@aol.com	22239	null	null
15126-1267@m2.innovyx.com	22240	null	null
energy_list@spencerstuart.com	22241	null	null
make_up_pro@yahoo.com	22242	null	null
greg.penman@enron.com	22243	null	null
raymond.christina@enron.com	22244	null	null
10d3z37pga8@msn.com	22245	null	null
aimee.lannou@enron.com	22246	null	null
kcaldwell@wvumc.com	22247	null	null
sandy.morris@enron.com	22248	null	null
david.glassford@enron.com	22249	null	null
chauncey.hood@enron.com	22250	null	null
arealist-tx3@aogusma.org	22251	null	null
ccaton@hillandknowlton.com	22252	null	null
baughman.jr@enron.com	22253	null	null
huntercharles_e_@hotmail.com	22254	null	null
software-news@amazon.com	22255	null	null
james.c.bourne@williams.com	22256	null	null
b.thornton@centuryinter.net	22257	null	null
mbartley@asiasoc.org	22258	null	null
sidevue@bellsouth.net	22259	null	null
prpalmer@enron.com	22260	null	null
andres.velasco@nyu.edu	22261	null	null
niclas.egmar@enron.com	22262	null	null
hayden.enron.ene.frank@enron.com	22263	null	null
frank.hayden@enron.com	22263	null	null
hang.bui@enron.com	22264	null	null
sean.mccoy@lvha.com.mx	22265	null	null
ergetz@groupwise.marathonoil.com	22266	null	null
ergetz@marathonoil.com	22266	null	null
weareone2@enron.com	22267	null	null
zariphop@math.utexas.edu	22268	null	null
mike.millwee@enron.com	22269	null	null
traders.dl-netco@enron.com	22270	null	null
la.finnels-neal@enron.com	22271	null	null
footlocker.com@clickaction.net	22272	null	null
mrgelnett@nyseg.com	22273	null	null
augie-alumnews@listserv.augie.edu	22274	null	null
alliancetosaveenergy@ase.org	22275	null	null
mdas@caiso.com	22276	null	null
ficoscores@yahoo.com	22277	null	null
jeffrey.d.benton@us.pwcglobal.com	22278	null	null
mwampler@bcck.com	22279	null	null
caddie@golfclubexchange.com	22280	null	null
eduncan2@arterhadden.com	22281	null	null
fiske@haas.berkeley.edu	22282	null	null
larrykarl@ftpc.fpcusa.com	22283	null	null
whisperreporthtml-request@earningswhispers.com	22284	null	null
runners@enron.com	22285	null	null
adam.bayer@enron.com	22286	null	null
bayer@enron.com	22286	null	null
vicintlltd@aol.com	22287	null	null
renee.weaver1@ey.com	22288	null	null
aaronmendelson@hotmail.com	22289	null	null
norma.hasenjager@enron.com	22290	null	null
lynn.handin@txu.com	22291	null	null
ezausner@yahoo.com	22292	null	null
jo.hill@enron.com	22293	null	null
antonio_boccalandro@i2.com	22294	null	null
sburchett@worldnet.att.net	22295	null	null
sburchett@riskltd.com	22295	null	null
sburchett@risklimited.com	22295	null	null
michal.scott@enron.com	22296	null	null
henry.starr@enron.com	22297	null	null
bcc@enron.com	22298	null	null
gleason@haas.berkeley.edu	22299	null	null
scott.massey@enron.com	22300	null	null
tigerstock@tigerinvestor.com	22301	null	null
denys.watson@enron.com	22302	null	null
mai@kochgallery.com	22303	null	null
anncapca@aol.com	22304	null	null
james.powell@gs.com	22305	null	null
james'.'powell@enron.com	22305	null	null
lacye.trevino@enron.com	22306	null	null
ray.danner@enron.com	22307	null	null
davidphillips@bankunited.com	22308	null	null
haliday475@yahoo.com	22309	null	null
talbots@clickaction.net	22310	null	null
monty_mcmahen@enron.net	22311	null	null
akwete.hines@accountemps.com	22312	null	null
expense.reports@enron.com	22313	null	null
reports@reedwasden.com	22313	null	null
reports@reedwasden.local	22313	null	null
lt_truong@yahoo.com	22314	null	null
kim.durham@enron.com	22315	null	null
alma.green@enron.com	22316	null	null
acaperton@stargate.net	22317	null	null
maria.cisneros@enron.com	22318	null	null
osmdirector@yahoo.com	22319	null	null
riddell@iolok.com	22320	null	null
najah.ade@enron.com	22321	null	null
knightsherri@hotmail.com	22322	null	null
15126-2788@m2.innovyx.com	22323	null	null
art.boos@bowne.com	22324	null	null
stace.neuweiler@enron.com	22325	null	null
ora_l._ash.cngnotes@dom.com	22326	null	null
mphammond@dbh.com	22327	null	null
matthew.landy@enron.com	22328	null	null
integrated.solutions.center@enron.com	22329	null	null
integrated.center@enron.com	22329	null	null
newsemail@stockselector.com	22330	null	null
roy.steinhagen@enron.com	22331	null	null
susan_j_neel@reliantenergy.com	22332	null	null
corteselli@enron.com	22333	null	null
gordonsick@mac.com	22334	null	null
green'.'chuck@enron.com	22335	null	null
kc.1906901.1193.0@kc-mx.avantgo.com	22336	null	null
webstudentservices@review.com	22337	null	null
mcnichol'.'joe@enron.com	22338	null	null
anna.sils@enron.com	22339	null	null
tshuba@sheagardner.com	22340	null	null
karla.dobbs@enron.com	22341	null	null
freejamba@lists.postmastergeneral.com	22342	null	null
tom.fry@enron.com	22343	null	null
tshelton@aol.com	22344	null	null
mary.clark@enron.com	22345	null	null
comd3@swcp.com	22346	null	null
greenleaf@enron.com	22347	null	null
christopher.chenoweth@enron.com	22348	null	null
clayton.rondeau@enron.com	22349	null	null
palmannouncements.6hzww4l8.d@insync-palm.com	22350	null	null
deannenoel@aol.com	22351	null	null
tony_parrish@transalta.com	22352	null	null
larry.fenstad@enron.com	22353	null	null
jpeters@andrews-kurth.com	22354	null	null
pfield@riskwaters.com	22355	null	null
danny.martinez@enron.com	22356	null	null
smholden@bpa.gov	22357	null	null
mdoherty@euromoneyplc.com	22358	null	null
sschott@enron.com	22359	null	null
greg.blair@enron.com	22360	null	null
robg@real.com	22361	null	null
byronjv@aol.com	22362	null	null
delbianr@wharton.upenn.edu	22363	null	null
jeff.lowney@enron.com	22364	null	null
pperry@sfts.edu	22365	null	null
bernshen@earthlink.net	22366	null	null
sbarber@velaw.com	22367	null	null
electronics-news@amazon.com	22368	null	null
jeff_van_scoy@eott.com	22369	null	null
beth.apollo@enron.com	22370	null	null
hina.patel@enron.com	22371	null	null
charlie.thompson@enron.com	22372	null	null
inlight134@aol.com	22373	null	null
kay_klafehn@i2.com	22374	null	null
powerstocksamerica@crmems.com	22375	null	null
cturcich@houston.rr.com	22376	null	null
nadene.pilsbury@enron.com	22377	null	null
chadd@calpine.com	22378	null	null
cephus.gunn@enron.com	22379	null	null
tim.davies@enron.com	22380	null	null
eugenie.sibeud@gs.com	22381	null	null
valuedcustomer@paragonsports.com	22382	null	null
nshand@condenast.co.uk	22383	null	null
amorrison@eaminvest.com	22384	null	null
george.weissman@enron.com	22385	null	null
msngamingzone_027574@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	22386	null	null
mzenker@cera.com	22387	null	null
mr_avenger@freemail.hu	22388	null	null
bill_meehan@mckinsey.com	22389	null	null
witness4him3@juno.com	22390	null	null
msbb2vh5sc@hotmail.com	22391	null	null
rebecca.carter@enron.com	22392	null	null
steven.zwolinski@ps.ge.com	22393	null	null
keith.fullenweider@dynegy.com	22394	null	null
ed.mcmichael@enron.com	22395	null	null
lpederse@enron.com	22396	null	null
dif1@pge.com	22397	null	null
spatrick@sempra.com	22398	null	null
cortwine@aol.com	22399	null	null
dlriy@esperanto.nu	22400	null	null
byronellis@usa.net	22401	null	null
jfuller@prmllp.com	22402	null	null
bounce-ng_analysis-124863@tonto.eia.doe.gov	22403	null	null
rnaviasky@hupk.com	22404	null	null
james.cramer@enron.com	22405	null	null
marty.keyser@enron.com	22406	null	null
joesynan@flash.net	22407	null	null
fs0v@andrew.cmu.edu	22408	null	null
sg1aq35@fun.21cn.com	22409	null	null
beene@enron.com	22410	null	null
adam_auten@xtoenergy.com	22411	null	null
psrichey@terraworld.net	22412	null	null
benton.wynay@enron.com	22413	null	null
ashton.soniat@txu.com	22414	null	null
ashton@mjmcreative.com	22414	null	null
ashton.soniat@enron.com	22414	null	null
jenwhite7@zdnetmail.com	22415	null	null
jenwhite7@zdnetonebox.com	22415	null	null
juneaupw@tisd.net	22416	null	null
jcrowley@sempratrading.com	22417	null	null
john.hughes@cantwellen.com	22418	null	null
john.hughes@cantwellcullen.com	22418	null	null
rreiley@coral-energy.com	22419	null	null
hrjafry@mtholyoke.edu	22420	null	null
raiford.smith@enron.com	22421	null	null
tgonchar@cats.ucsc.edu	22422	null	null
charlotte.hawkins@enron.com	22423	null	null
gcoe@firstworld.net	22424	null	null
fmcalpine@littler.com	22425	null	null
kali@ix.netcom.com	22426	null	null
warga@uh.edu	22427	null	null
vaysman@mail.utexas.edu	22428	null	null
ordan.larimore@lehman.com	22429	null	null
mother-gift@amazon.com	22430	null	null
gift@giveanything.com	22430	null	null
gift@amazon.com	22430	null	null
h78@mailman.enron.com	22431	null	null
loriisworking@home.com	22432	null	null
mcdonald.dennis@enron.com	22433	null	null
j..elzey@enron.com	22434	null	null
deweiner@hahnlaw.com	22435	null	null
galen.coon@enron.com	22436	null	null
mstjohn@haas.berkeley.edu	22437	null	null
rfaragalla@island.com	22438	null	null
angie.lentz@enron.com	22439	null	null
mattitrade71@yahoo.com	22440	null	null
talya.gordon@gs.com	22441	null	null
gary.linhart@enron.com	22442	null	null
c27396@personal.ro	22443	null	null
sellrose@aol.com	22444	null	null
craig.jeffers@us.cgeyc.com	22445	null	null
joe.jeffers@enron.com	22446	null	null
wearlward@yahoo.com	22447	null	null
wrobel@21stenergy.com	22448	null	null
aow@home.com	22449	null	null
dbishop@kslaw.com	22450	null	null
dbishop@powerdirect.com	22450	null	null
travelercare@orbitz.com	22451	null	null
birchwooda@aol.com	22452	null	null
msfrech@hotmail.com	22453	null	null
grahamk@usfilter.com	22454	null	null
dsgould@midwest.net	22455	null	null
lipshutz@enron.com	22456	null	null
lowcostpharm_68@hanmail.net	22457	null	null
techdaily@nationaljournal.com	22458	null	null
john_maple@dom.com	22459	null	null
earl.tisdale@enron.com	22460	null	null
osualum@orst.edu	22461	null	null
mark_papa@eogresources.com	22462	null	null
dahmen.ann@mayo.edu	22463	null	null
epi@steps-peace.org	22464	null	null
hershy@home.com	22465	null	null
wquan-forsyth@cal.stikeman.com	22466	null	null
magic@mailman.enron.com	22467	null	null
bin459f@mailman.enron.com	22468	null	null
bob.forness@enron.com	22469	null	null
wendy.edwardson@blakes.com	22470	null	null
johngharp@jodecorp.com	22471	null	null
i..arriaga@enron.com	22472	null	null
mike.bennett@enron.com	22473	null	null
rpaddock@hotmail.com	22474	null	null
espnnews_sp1@espn.go.com	22475	null	null
ur9qncobbv@hotmail.com	22476	null	null
pascual@enron.com	22477	null	null
raa@blakes.com	22478	null	null
raa@blakes.ca	22478	null	null
lisa.koob@enron.com	22479	null	null
l.koob@gte.net	22479	null	null
vasant.shanbhogue@enron.com	22480	null	null
shanbhogue@enron.com	22480	null	null
genieand@hotmail.com	22481	null	null
jonathan.le@enron.com	22482	null	null
sgussett@reliant.com	22483	null	null
sgussett@bracepatt.com	22483	null	null
afield@mariner-energy.com	22484	null	null
lisa.trofholz@enron.com	22485	null	null
benner.ursula@enron.com	22486	null	null
michael_huse@transcanada.com	22487	null	null
mark.hall@enron.com	22488	null	null
victor.haley@dvn.com	22489	null	null
mfentress@clearsail.net	22490	null	null
keith.mcnally@csfb.com	22491	null	null
pabrown@socalgas.com	22492	null	null
bwnewsletter@bwnewsletter.com	22493	null	null
kevin.may@enron.com	22494	null	null
neven.dujic@enron.com	22495	null	null
dwithee@newenergy.com	22496	null	null
robedm@sanasys.com	22497	null	null
e..crady@enron.com	22498	null	null
bvwn8ldtan@hotmail.com	22499	null	null
bambi.heckerman@enron.com	22500	null	null
f00evmba@haas.berkeley.edu	22501	null	null
leanne.edwards@enron.com	22502	null	null
missy.stevens@enron.com	22503	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3882@lists.smartmoney.com	22504	null	null
nikole.vander@enron.com	22505	null	null
wzpsetcrys@hotmail.com	22506	null	null
tkahn@cmhouston.org	22507	null	null
sstepkoski@hotmail.com	22508	null	null
michele.word@enron.com	22509	null	null
michael.morris@enron.com	22510	null	null
denisedquigley@yahoo.com	22511	null	null
fbrgtuufvfymsftf@msn.com	22512	null	null
dmm@cpuc.ca.gov	22513	null	null
dmm@dwgp.com	22513	null	null
blanca.lopez@enron.com	22514	null	null
agasca@newenergy.com	22515	null	null
guillermo.canovas@enron.com	22516	null	null
fac@law.howard.edu	22517	null	null
mary.draemer@enron.com	22518	null	null
ussearch.203339.1553.0@reply.ussearch.com	22519	null	null
rsperberg@onsitenergy.com	22520	null	null
oasispostings-l@list.transmission.bpa.gov	22521	null	null
tclausen@caiso.com	22522	null	null
reese'.'melissa@enron.com	22523	null	null
robert.hayes@enron.com	22524	null	null
ksanchez@houstonisd.org	22525	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_033366@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	22526	null	null
brian.ripley@enron.com	22527	null	null
khordyke@bloomberg.net	22528	null	null
forget_me_cathy@yahoo.com	22529	null	null
selena.gonzalez@enron.com	22530	null	null
jameslam@mediaone.net	22531	null	null
aschram@scacompanies.com	22532	null	null
jan.dobernecker@enron.com	22533	null	null
poblet@talkmatch.com	22534	null	null
goodmanla@aol.com	22535	null	null
wjharmon@jonesday.com	22536	null	null
patrick.brennan@enron.com	22537	null	null
jfichera@saberpartners.com	22538	null	null
ajnovero@iwon.com	22539	null	null
tedesco.david@enron.com	22540	null	null
chris.weber@enron.com	22541	null	null
julia.murray@enron.com	22542	null	null
debgebhardt@hotmail.com	22543	null	null
public.affairs@enron.com	22544	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.110607@joinmail.ccbn.com	22545	null	null
lpomplas@gc.cuny.edu	22546	null	null
olalekan.oladeji@enron.com	22547	null	null
shirlet.williams@enron.com	22548	null	null
bernadette.etienne@enron.com	22549	null	null
civella644@yahoo.com	22550	null	null
janet.peake@enron.com	22551	null	null
connie.alvis@enron.com	22552	null	null
quickplace@nahou-lnww01.ots.enron.com	22553	null	null
quickplace@quickplace-2.interliant.com	22553	null	null
watkins.stephanie@enron.com	22554	null	null
harry.grubbs@enron.com	22555	null	null
tony.teakell@enron.com	22556	null	null
pkuykendall@wm.com	22557	null	null
jill.miller@fmcti.com	22558	null	null
psionotic@yahoo.com	22559	null	null
oludarebo@yahoo.com	22560	null	null
johnkennedy3@123india.com	22561	null	null
antonio.vergara@enron.com	22562	null	null
brent.price@enron.com	22563	null	null
jarek.dybowski@enron.com	22564	null	null
tieoutadministrator@pwrteam.com	22565	null	null
mwalmsley@as-coa.org	22566	null	null
wolson@state.nm.us	22567	null	null
ibuyit.0701@enron.com	22568	null	null
mmellman@natsource.com	22569	null	null
aparna.rajaram@enron.com	22570	null	null
donna.everett@enron.com	22571	null	null
natalie.cilliers@enron.com	22572	null	null
laura.arnold@enron.com	22573	null	null
mfernhoff@kayescholer.com	22574	null	null
lisa.upchurch@enron.com	22575	null	null
6.1132.6c-af5ssclxjfagjsrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	22576	null	null
lifeminders.com@mailgate.lifeminders.com	22577	null	null
pchymiy@nui.com	22578	null	null
smroyce@yahoo.com	22579	null	null
gia.maisashvili@enron.com	22580	null	null
gpg.a-b@enron.com	22581	null	null
cheryl.johnson@enron.com	22582	null	null
mraymon@enron.com	22583	null	null
tour18houston@palmergolf.com	22584	null	null
sfalzone@hollandhart.com	22585	null	null
borislav.feschiev@enron.com	22586	null	null
dave.schafer@enron.com	22587	null	null
sandra.hart@enron.com	22588	null	null
rebecca.fite@enron.com	22589	null	null
brian.hensley@enron.com	22590	null	null
kwebster@eprod.com	22591	null	null
dlugar@qqadc.com	22592	null	null
dlugar@quinngillespie.com	22592	null	null
harris_poll@hpol.gsbc.com	22593	null	null
john.davies@lethbridgeironworks.com	22594	null	null
angelo.delpriore@mercermc.com	22595	null	null
jaymark@hal-pc.org	22596	null	null
batoggero@yahoo.com	22597	null	null
anders.ryrfeldt@enron.com	22598	null	null
homerh@flash.net	22599	null	null
burdine@hagans-bobb.com	22600	null	null
erin.copeland@enron.com	22601	null	null
gall@hoegh.no	22602	null	null
commishjjk@aol.com	22603	null	null
bettingforprofit@ip3.com	22604	null	null
lenalalita@hotmail.com	22605	null	null
wagerlist@onlinebettor.com	22606	null	null
pcorey@brfg.com	22607	null	null
sherri.zeiler@enron.com	22608	null	null
jim.sweeney@stanford.edu	22609	null	null
leo.lugo@enron.com	22610	null	null
aavalos@epelectric.com	22611	null	null
aavalos@pnm.com	22611	null	null
234-5433.maier@enron.com	22612	null	null
robert_proffitt@kindermorgan.com	22613	null	null
kate.bauer@enron.com	22614	null	null
christopher.day@enron.com	22615	null	null
rwschatzman@aol.com	22616	null	null
vviola@nymex.com	22617	null	null
jean.marshall@enron.com	22618	null	null
special-offer-response@mail.active.com	22619	null	null
special_offer@offers.bigstar.com	22619	null	null
nyree.chanaba@enron.com	22620	null	null
42.9186.58-mrqxodsewwro9teq8drr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	22621	null	null
aaziz@shearman.com	22622	null	null
bflaster@tfsbrokers.com	22623	null	null
michael.warner@enron.com	22624	null	null
armando91@aol.com	22625	null	null
pp-ippexecs@listserver.eei.org	22626	null	null
jacek.glowacki@enron.com	22627	null	null
sumpter.teresa@enron.com	22628	null	null
mondomodern@earthlink.net	22629	null	null
bennett.kaufman@enron.com	22630	null	null
thomas.doo@gs.com	22631	null	null
litleniles@aol.com	22632	null	null
jbohac@afs.tamu.edu	22633	null	null
pborkovich@socalgas.com	22634	null	null
woolverton@aol.com	22635	null	null
sarah.novasel@enron.com	22636	null	null
f..hightower@enron.com	22637	null	null
bkalford@swbell.net	22638	null	null
randall.martin@enron.com	22639	null	null
williams.wilbur@enron.com	22640	null	null
bradley.tracey@enron.com	22641	null	null
1800flowers.189404396@s2u2.com	22642	null	null
hess.george@epa.gov	22643	null	null
kpatrick@reliant.com	22644	null	null
kpatrick@gibbs-bruns.com	22644	null	null
allo".'"elaina@enron.com	22645	null	null
marko.ljuboja@entergykoch.com	22646	null	null
johnsoncasa@msn.com	22647	null	null
kara.ausenhus@enron.com	22648	null	null
newsletter_text@chron-news.com	22649	null	null
audrau@enron.com	22650	null	null
wade.price@enron.com	22651	null	null
jena.hackett@ipaper.com	22652	null	null
margaret.waters@enron.com	22653	null	null
carr.kim@enron.com	22654	null	null
dsimpson@reliantenergy.com	22655	null	null
stasker@stanford.edu	22656	null	null
7139069876@skytel.com	22657	null	null
chris.atherton@enron.com	22658	null	null
ztrizna@pol.net	22659	null	null
pmbbwell@clarksville.net	22660	null	null
oaust@dicarta.com	22661	null	null
katyhester@hotmail.com	22662	null	null
rob_walls@enron.com	22663	null	null
rob.walls@enron.com	22663	null	null
tross@mcnallytemple.com	22664	null	null
laren.tarbet@enron.com	22665	null	null
cwubbena@seminole-electric.com	22666	null	null
michele.bristol@neg.pge.com	22667	null	null
whurt@cvalley.net	22668	null	null
craig.bronaugh@enron.com	22669	null	null
karl.siverling@ps.ge.com	22670	null	null
chi325@hotmail.com	22671	null	null
twinflayms@yahoo.com	22672	null	null
lametrice.dopson@enron.com	22673	null	null
dhaynes@apx.com	22674	null	null
dale.t.sanders@williams.com	22675	null	null
cdade@bracepatt.com	22676	null	null
darren.vanek@enron.com	22677	null	null
rengelt@earthlink.net	22678	null	null
jeshett@yahoo.com	22679	null	null
charles.varnell@enron.com	22680	null	null
aldo_portales@fpl.com	22681	null	null
peyton@cais.com	22682	null	null
jonathan.anderson@enron.com	22683	null	null
michele.denby@enron.com	22684	null	null
kenneth.cessac@enron.com	22685	null	null
maggie_timmins@cdnoxy.com	22686	null	null
gpfx2303@pmicim.com	22687	null	null
maurer.steve@enron.com	22688	null	null
ashleastu@aol.com	22689	null	null
sylvia.barnes@enron.com	22690	null	null
owner-hsa_reg@boldfish2.snowball.com	22691	null	null
gford@caiso.com	22692	null	null
sandra.mcdonald@enron.com	22693	null	null
george.mckean@enron.com	22694	null	null
pon@enron.com	22695	null	null
jtwolfe@uh.edu	22696	null	null
peter.feltman@enron.com	22697	null	null
maureen_johnson@hines.com	22698	null	null
jeff.mcclellan@enron.com	22699	null	null
iris_g._king@dom.com	22700	null	null
king'.'iris@enron.com	22700	null	null
chris.abel@enron.com	22701	null	null
abel@enron.com	22701	null	null
jledbett@dss.state.la.us	22702	null	null
psychic_realm@customoffers.com	22703	null	null
flucci6521@aol.com	22704	null	null
jpack1@columbus.rr.com	22705	null	null
stephen.wallace.enronxgate@enron.com	22706	null	null
maynard.peggy@enron.com	22707	null	null
bkanatzar@mail.utexas.edu	22708	null	null
john.admire@enron.com	22709	null	null
esami@viafone.com	22710	null	null
esq.'.'daniel@enron.com	22711	null	null
drlittle77@msn.com	22712	null	null
stanner@apbenergy.com	22713	null	null
cchi@ix.netcom.com	22714	null	null
john.march@rolls-royce.com	22715	null	null
john.march@rolls-royceesi.com	22715	null	null
csulzer@grenergy.com	22716	null	null
derek.lynn@enron.com	22717	null	null
team.response@enron.com	22718	null	null
joe.wright@truequote.com	22719	null	null
jim.piro@enron.com	22720	null	null
jim_piro@pgn.com	22720	null	null
xin8ybel97w@hotmail.com	22721	null	null
rnelson@orecm.com	22722	null	null
rnelson@llgm.com	22722	null	null
rnelson@orixcm.com	22722	null	null
september2001@lists.winebid.com	22723	null	null
array@ssprd2.net	22724	null	null
corey-ponder@ouhsc.edu	22725	null	null
paul.choi@enron.com	22726	null	null
et.bug@pseg.com	22727	null	null
espnnews_sp4@espn.go.com	22728	null	null
jaime.banchs@enron.com	22729	null	null
hollyw@email.msn.com	22730	null	null
gevans@kslaw.com	22731	null	null
tradesparknotice@tradespark.com	22732	null	null
jito@haas.berkeley.edu	22733	null	null
charles.vetters@enron.com	22734	null	null
jtstaab@msn.com	22735	null	null
mark.gigliotti@enron.com	22736	null	null
sarlowe@tr.com	22737	null	null
adonoho@houston.rr.com	22738	null	null
kurt.roseman@williams.com	22739	null	null
aescofet@alesco.com.mx	22740	null	null
kristin.passmore@enron.com	22741	null	null
hemant.luthra@enron.com	22742	null	null
ees.admins@enron.com	22743	null	null
rachel.clifford@enron.com	22744	null	null
jon_abe@efinc.com	22745	null	null
rbsandweg@houston.rr.com	22746	null	null
angelle291@yahoo.com	22747	null	null
joyce.dorsey@enron.com	22748	null	null
qecinc@aol.com	22749	null	null
jo'.'lewis@enron.com	22750	null	null
laura.schwartz@enron.com	22751	null	null
jae-moo.lee@enron.com	22752	null	null
jpaul@carrfut.com	22753	null	null
val.artman@enron.com	22754	null	null
ehillegeist@hotmail.com	22755	null	null
rsbaker@duke-energy.com	22756	null	null
kdean1943@juno.com	22757	null	null
lschaeffer@teamrls.com	22758	null	null
bouillon@enron.com	22759	null	null
slade_pd@tsu.edu	22760	null	null
jberry@houston.org	22761	null	null
jberry@mail.michbar.org	22761	null	null
jberry@isda-eur.org	22761	null	null
lou.eber@ubsw.com	22762	null	null
william_albrecht@uiowa.edu	22763	null	null
vidal@martinez.net	22764	null	null
ted.chavez@elpaso.com	22765	null	null
ted.chavez@enron.com	22765	null	null
datren.williams@enron.com	22766	null	null
larry.izzo@enron.com	22767	null	null
kbarowitz@cbia.org	22768	null	null
lselden1@excite.com	22769	null	null
michael.garred@enron.com	22770	null	null
benedikt.messner@enron.com	22771	null	null
ejl@choiceenergy.com	22772	null	null
hof@swbell.net	22773	null	null
john.letvin@enron.com	22774	null	null
rick.borden@macleoddixon.com	22775	null	null
stan.dowell@enron.com	22776	null	null
chantelle.villanueva@enron.com	22777	null	null
michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com	22778	null	null
maria.scudder@linklaters.com	22779	null	null
henry.bonner@risk.sungard.com	22780	null	null
rosalee_fleming@enron.com	22781	null	null
rosalee.fleming@enron.com	22781	null	null
david.zaccour@enron.com	22782	null	null
uo2mvmhk5tu1s@hotmail.com	22783	null	null
manfred.roenz@enron.com	22784	null	null
clatspud@clatskanie.com	22785	null	null
sloan_edgmon@hotmail.com	22786	null	null
alterson_thomas@jpmorgan.com	22787	null	null
energyindustryinvites1@aga.org	22788	null	null
james.maloney@bakerbotts.com	22789	null	null
stacydolan@yahoo.com	22790	null	null
finnleyjane@aol.com	22791	null	null
ehkeditor@hongkong.org	22792	null	null
rebecca.skupin@enron.com	22793	null	null
virgil.powell@enron.com	22794	null	null
morisek@freemail.hu	22795	null	null
matt_arnzen@emeraldsolutions.com	22796	null	null
koringderff@mdck.com	22797	null	null
eter.krenkel@ngx.com	22798	null	null
linda.trevino@enron.com	22799	null	null
richard.boone@glo.state.tx.us	22800	null	null
alan.baumbusch@enron.com	22801	null	null
625.23487.13--8pbg3wzqjfq.1@wilink.acc0.com	22802	null	null
calgary.it@enron.com	22803	null	null
it.calgary@enron.com	22803	null	null
knorris@ssfrancis.org	22804	null	null
greathudsonsailing@msn.com	22805	null	null
bfrihart@enron.com	22806	null	null
poling@westport.msmail.aigfpc.com	22807	null	null
group.dl-ets@enron.com	22808	null	null
jcbaker@aep.com	22809	null	null
navellier@investorplace.com	22810	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_029376@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	22811	null	null
richards.cynthia@enron.com	22812	null	null
maurizio.la.noce@enron.com	22813	null	null
maurizio.noce@enron.com	22813	null	null
erodenbu@utilicorp.com	22814	null	null
ramoor@pplweb.com	22815	null	null
rbrugger@mtpower.com	22816	null	null
pwilkens@ifdc.org	22817	null	null
mfwong@ualberta.net	22818	null	null
fsteiger@ceoamerica.org	22819	null	null
dph@swbell.net	22820	null	null
avanleunen@msn.com	22821	null	null
brent.wahl@jpmorgan.com	22822	null	null
monday@news.carsongroup.com	22823	null	null
webbb@dsmo.com	22824	null	null
mroach@epcor.ca	22825	null	null
joemichael3@hotmail.com	22826	null	null
peter.russo@hansonamerica.com	22827	null	null
williams.mark@enron.com	22828	null	null
djackson@rpsionline.com	22829	null	null
jwf@flashmail.com	22830	null	null
oakiedomenech@hotmail.com	22831	null	null
bennis@txoga.org	22832	null	null
dennis_watts@eott.com	22833	null	null
457924.86351074.2@1.americanexpress.com	22834	null	null
william.ernsthaft@nypa.gov	22835	null	null
ernsthaft.w@nypa.gov	22835	null	null
2.2866.71-s6_ws2rno3ux.1@cda01.cdnow.com	22836	null	null
kendal18@uole.com	22837	null	null
jbensfield@milchev.com	22838	null	null
kknox@brunini.com	22839	null	null
t.wilsie@worldnet.att.net	22840	null	null
lisa.hill@enron.com	22841	null	null
christies_patrick@enron.com	22842	null	null
'.'parking@enron.com	22843	null	null
brandon.neff@enron.com	22844	null	null
crumley.john@enron.com	22845	null	null
jjmckinley@aol.com	22846	null	null
'swanstrom@enron.com	22847	null	null
exchange.administrator@enron.com	22848	null	null
tdill@hvllc.com	22849	null	null
siobhann@mac.com	22850	null	null
taron2@enron.com	22851	null	null
steve.gilbert@enron.com	22852	null	null
jahartn@ppco.com	22853	null	null
frank_telemaque@flexitallic.com	22854	null	null
joe.northrop@pnl.gov	22855	null	null
northrop@enron.com	22855	null	null
mark.fondren@enron.com	22856	null	null
bryan.tran@alcoa.com	22857	null	null
sap.3@enron.com	22858	null	null
kharri@puget.com	22859	null	null
cottrellr@ch-mqs.com	22860	null	null
eswider@kpmg.com	22861	null	null
doug.schetzel@lgeenergy.com	22862	null	null
e789w5uc4@webtraffictuv.flotherm.co.uk	22863	null	null
bugsafari@groupvbs.com	22864	null	null
clickathomecanada@enron.com	22865	null	null
jeff.sprecher@intcx.com	22866	null	null
lorraine.bolton@chel.com	22867	null	null
ruby.robinson@enron.com	22868	null	null
eric.gan@eaccess.net	22869	null	null
billzorr@alliant-energy.com	22870	null	null
kampe.kevin@enron.com	22871	null	null
a6741@au.ru	22872	null	null
securitycounsel@enron.com	22873	null	null
bertrand.dussert@enron.com	22874	null	null
jayant.kumar@esca.com	22875	null	null
paulette.roberts@enron.com	22876	null	null
dimitri.tagaropulos@enron.com	22877	null	null
jameika.smikle@enron.com	22878	null	null
sek6@cornell.edu	22879	null	null
'kbibby@enron.com	22880	null	null
tani.nath@enron.com	22881	null	null
jlamaster@velaw.com	22882	null	null
dvddawg@mail.ru	22883	null	null
ricardo.lisboa@enron.com	22884	null	null
nick.paraschos@enron.com	22885	null	null
s.halfin@pecorp.com	22886	null	null
btardio@apx.com	22887	null	null
chickade@u.washington.edu	22888	null	null
efrancoeur@iso-ne.com	22889	null	null
david.fuller@enron.com	22890	null	null
robert.geheb@enron.com	22891	null	null
booty@enron.com	22892	null	null
marciannax1w@gomail.com.ua	22893	null	null
frank.davis@enron.com	22894	null	null
john.thurston@enron.com	22895	null	null
navy2@uole.com	22896	null	null
tklein@mirapoint.com	22897	null	null
wanda.holloway@compaq.com	22898	null	null
rsuperty@yahoo.com	22899	null	null
scfatkfa@caprock.net	22900	null	null
hanley@risk.co.uk	22901	null	null
mcurrie@tcta.org	22902	null	null
devin.c.hal@us.pwcglobal.com	22903	null	null
fernando.fernandez@enron.com	22904	null	null
ed.giblin@enron.com	22905	null	null
jermeier@earthlink.net	22906	null	null
laquitta.washington@enron.com	22907	null	null
mdelossantos@hess.com	22908	null	null
jshakerdge@natsource.com	22909	null	null
jennifer.bryan@enron.com	22910	null	null
jcox@nyiso.com	22911	null	null
colleen.raker@enron.com	22912	null	null
sonia.guerra@enron.com	22913	null	null
debinorton@aol.com	22914	null	null
weiss.allan@enron.com	22915	null	null
mark.breese@enron.com	22916	null	null
randi.howard@enron.com	22917	null	null
autumnld@yahoo.com	22918	null	null
bwillia5@enron.com	22919	null	null
bwillia5@ect.enron.com	22919	null	null
jay.epstein@enron.com	22920	null	null
richard.dartnell@allenovery.com	22921	null	null
transweek@list1.resdata.com	22922	null	null
russ.kavanaugh@enron.com	22923	null	null
john_van_gelder@enron.com	22924	null	null
james.bakondy@enron.com	22925	null	null
jeff_sadler@fac.com	22926	null	null
ayesha.kanji@enron.com	22927	null	null
kirk.pierce@enron.com	22928	null	null
akramer@mwe.com	22929	null	null
united.distribution@enron.com	22930	null	null
nella.cappelletto@enron.com	22931	null	null
bill.chen@aesmail.com	22932	null	null
clott@matrixservice.com	22933	null	null
robert.gross@enron.com	22934	null	null
ed.wholesale@enron.com	22935	null	null
amorris@fpl.com	22936	null	null
jennifer.rudolph@enron.com	22937	null	null
pdrumm@csc.com	22938	null	null
bfs2002@math.utexas.edu	22939	null	null
rroman1@ems.jsc.nasa.gov	22940	null	null
bdmiller@state.nv.us	22941	null	null
bdmiller@crc.state.nv.us	22941	null	null
jonathan.davis@enron.com	22942	null	null
monica.turner@chase.com	22943	null	null
moises.woll@enron.com	22944	null	null
roxanne.saldana@enron.com	22945	null	null
jdelolmo@telkom.net	22946	null	null
sean.cooper@elpaso.com	22947	null	null
sylvia.hu@enron.com	22948	null	null
meemaw75925@yahoo.com	22949	null	null
jrr@vnf.com	22950	null	null
consolidatea12_@mailman.enron.com	22951	null	null
dhensley@brobeck.com	22952	null	null
directresponse@siebel.com	22953	null	null
team.sunray-compressor@enron.com	22954	null	null
paokane@utilicorp.com	22955	null	null
vpokhleb@ideaus.com	22956	null	null
sstephe@pnm.com	22957	null	null
denis.tu@enron.com	22958	null	null
discountfb@usa.com	22959	null	null
midday22@alerts.equityalert.com	22960	null	null
networkcommerce-rcsl20011221@ombramarketing.com	22961	null	null
james.noles@enron.com	22962	null	null
wasil@wapa.gov	22963	null	null
kathy.bass@enron.com	22964	null	null
963@alltel.net	22965	null	null
mundstein@wamx.com	22966	null	null
gregg.penman@enron.com	22967	null	null
receptionistpio@iso-ne.com	22968	null	null
accountinfo@datek.m0.net	22969	null	null
mwailes@equilon.com	22970	null	null
tfbankert@duke-energy.com	22971	null	null
dust20@lycos.com	22972	null	null
bfarnsworth@geonetservices.com	22973	null	null
17150630@excite.com	22974	null	null
scriner@trionegordon.com	22975	null	null
craig.christenson@enron.com	22976	null	null
sspalding@summitenergy.com	22977	null	null
etsnelson@enron.com	22978	null	null
ysaettone@home-link.com	22979	null	null
diana.allen@enron.com	22980	null	null
home.dvd@mailman.enron.com	22981	null	null
doyna@excite.com	22982	null	null
marcelo_cosma@ml.com	22983	null	null
marcelo_cosma@ca.ml.com	22983	null	null
john'.'crespo@enron.com	22984	null	null
john.crespo@enron.com	22984	null	null
dgohlke@skadden.com	22985	null	null
sspiewak@metromediaenergy.com	22986	null	null
sspiewak@cpmenergy.com	22986	null	null
heath.kendall@enron.com	22987	null	null
ravi.arumbakkam@enron.com	22988	null	null
mkane@jobmenu.com	22989	null	null
jessica.anaya@enron.com	22990	null	null
rsvitkay@webtv.net	22991	null	null
slc.krsched@williams.com	22992	null	null
jillm@qwest.com	22993	null	null
umanoff@enron.com	22994	null	null
atkiss".'"dan@enron.com	22995	null	null
whitselk@wharton.upenn.edu	22996	null	null
svarga@kudlow.com	22997	null	null
marys@tvapdx.com	22998	null	null
tlh@maininc.org	22999	null	null
blowery@aol.com	23000	null	null
peter.anderson@enron.com	23001	null	null
krieger@enron.com	23002	null	null
jgopal@energy.state.ca.us	23003	null	null
jay.yparraguirre@enron.com	23004	null	null
amy.ochoa@enron.com	23005	null	null
james.bannantine@enron.com	23006	null	null
rday@apx.com	23007	null	null
hagensick@tigfirstsource.com	23008	null	null
sgusset@bracepatt.com	23009	null	null
spires2500@aol.com	23010	null	null
energyseminars@energyseminars.com	23011	null	null
mkmezulis@earthlink.net	23012	null	null
holly_sf@yahoo.com	23013	null	null
kishorer@inventx.com	23014	null	null
penelope.mccarran@dynegy.com	23015	null	null
ramanarao.tamma@enron.com	23016	null	null
spice4299@oceanfree.net	23017	null	null
cpost@aoshouston.org	23018	null	null
chriscokinos@compuserve.com	23019	null	null
elblanchard@imcglobal.com	23020	null	null
l..wilson@enron.com	23021	null	null
rishikawa@socalgas.com	23022	null	null
ekapralova@enron.co.uk	23023	null	null
5fsfo@watsonwyatt.com	23024	null	null
lindon.chiu@enron.com	23025	null	null
jkeffer@kslaw.com	23026	null	null
richard.orellana@enron.com	23027	null	null
sue4@peopleiknow.net	23028	null	null
allan.ford@enron.com	23029	null	null
shayne.newell@weil.com	23030	null	null
rbaird@velaw.com	23031	null	null
robert.brown.wh97@wharton.upenn.edu	23032	null	null
perin@sirius.com	23033	null	null
juliebbarrett@hotmail.com	23034	null	null
jarchive@enron.com	23035	null	null
clangridge@levi.com	23036	null	null
rcarmona@princeton.edu	23037	null	null
yzcrew@loa.com	23038	null	null
texbasque@aol.com	23039	null	null
rosalinda.resendez@enron.com	23040	null	null
charm.weeks@enron.com	23041	null	null
kashton@autoalliance.org	23042	null	null
dgholke@skadden.com	23043	null	null
allendurden@cs.com	23044	null	null
vince.piacenti@pcm.bosch.com	23045	null	null
kelly.mcilwain@nbfinancial.com	23046	null	null
kevin.dumas@enron.com	23047	null	null
bigalke237@yahoo.com	23048	null	null
tesse@sempratrading.com	23049	null	null
jimmy.manguba@enron.com	23050	null	null
pchard@hotmail.com	23051	null	null
chagrus@techpointer.com	23052	null	null
cindy.milani@robertmondavi.com	23053	null	null
jimpar@bellatlantic.net	23054	null	null
zach_brown1@excite.com	23055	null	null
mary.alba@enron.com	23056	null	null
ewbarnett@bakerbotts.com	23057	null	null
block.doug@enron.com	23058	null	null
doug.block@halliburton.com	23058	null	null
networkcommerce-rcis20011226@ombramarketing.com	23059	null	null
jose.molina@enron.com	23060	null	null
9169761@skytel.com	23061	null	null
phillip.villagomez@enron.com	23062	null	null
enron.admins@enron.com	23063	null	null
bgray@epelectric.com	23064	null	null
rhoward@calpine.com	23065	null	null
rljcpa1960@aol.com	23066	null	null
sheetal.patel@enron.com	23067	null	null
nick.tubach@enron.com	23068	null	null
noah@stentor.com	23069	null	null
7409949@skytel.com	23070	null	null
dirk.van@enron.com	23071	null	null
special-offers1@mail.southwest.com	23072	null	null
teresa_casazza@aeanet.org	23073	null	null
jmaas@llgm.com	23074	null	null
tbertges@mrportland.com	23075	null	null
yxg4@pge.com	23076	null	null
tmmonaldo@aol.com	23077	null	null
weekly_html.um.a.1.3728@lists.smartmoney.com	23078	null	null
wwillis@enron.com	23079	null	null
dan41867@attbi.com	23080	null	null
maria.ana@enron.com	23081	null	null
gwj6brk61c@msn.com	23082	null	null
jybson@aol.com	23083	null	null
jybson@mindspring.com	23083	null	null
christina_sanchez88@yahoo.com	23084	null	null
puig.jeffrey@enron.com	23085	null	null
lewis.swanston@w-technologies.com	23086	null	null
mjb94123@yahoo.com	23087	null	null
c5m45u@msn.com	23088	null	null
bblanar@coral-energy.com	23089	null	null
swick.todd@enron.com	23090	null	null
zoltan.trizna@ttmc.ttuhsc.edu	23091	null	null
clayton.elliott@enron.com	23092	null	null
mary.hubbard@enron.com	23093	null	null
trey.comiskey@enron.com	23094	null	null
travel_html@lists.smartmoney.com	23095	null	null
bridgetupton@aol.com	23096	null	null
kristiwallis@sprintmail.com	23097	null	null
doug.blake@enron.com	23098	null	null
sberins@llgm.com	23099	null	null
danhyslop@hotmail.com	23100	null	null
jean'.'ryall@enron.com	23101	null	null
jean.ryall@enron.com	23101	null	null
joshuajohn@hotmail.com	23102	null	null
pault@missinglink.net	23103	null	null
karen.jones@enron.com	23104	null	null
tom.ward@enron.com	23105	null	null
chenvinc@wharton.upenn.edu	23106	null	null
rro@onsteadinvest.com	23107	null	null
fidler@haas.berkeley.edu	23108	null	null
brendan.devlin@enron.com	23109	null	null
bryson.hull@reuters.com	23110	null	null
jngail@hotmail.com	23111	null	null
leslie_scharck@lyondell.com	23112	null	null
mdiamond@milbank.com	23113	null	null
steve.burns@enron.com	23114	null	null
betsy.carr@dynegy.com	23115	null	null
adam.jarek@enron.com	23116	null	null
malanga45@yahoo.com	23117	null	null
ceb@tozzini.com.br	23118	null	null
ceb@tfts.tozzini.com.br	23118	null	null
elizabeth.tilney@enron.com	23119	null	null
ivan.liu@enron.com	23120	null	null
cindus@aol.com	23121	null	null
katie.spencer@enron.com	23122	null	null
nmw-att1@launchfax.com	23123	null	null
kwebber@caiso.com	23124	null	null
folland'.'anne@enron.com	23125	null	null
p..adamik@enron.com	23126	null	null
krisley@smklaw.com	23127	null	null
rpreed@duke-energy.com	23128	null	null
21f382937ea311a7469fa1d39e7746a1550@tm03.net	23129	null	null
rtedder@fbclj.org	23130	null	null
lauren.goldblatt@enron.com	23131	null	null
goldblatt@enron.com	23131	null	null
robert.ramirez@enron.com	23132	null	null
fairbrother.bill@enron.com	23133	null	null
esdronet@hastingsmail.alief.isd.tenet.edu	23134	null	null
patricia_cuero@dell.com	23135	null	null
gbn@bus.utexas.edu	23136	null	null
peter.ghavami@enron.com	23137	null	null
saproctors@yahoo.com	23138	null	null
bryce.fraser@enron.com	23139	null	null
dennis_mcconaghy@transcanada.com	23140	null	null
executive.robert@enron.com	23141	null	null
9lv373hfc@msn.com	23142	null	null
http@aeweb1.dowjones.com	23143	null	null
pmartinez@isda.org	23144	null	null
bgrove2821@aol.com	23145	null	null
kayquigs@yahoo.com	23146	null	null
book-sale@amazon.com	23147	null	null
michael.payne@enron.com	23148	null	null
referrals@referrals.com	23149	null	null
mberry@wildflower.org	23150	null	null
sagercox@earthlink.net	23151	null	null
jgibson@coloradodlc.org	23152	null	null
dovie.keprta@enron.com	23153	null	null
james.bartie@chase.com	23154	null	null
rjn@predict.com	23155	null	null
curtismailh8uh89@usa.net	23156	null	null
becky.spencer@enron.com	23157	null	null
rrog20@msn.com	23158	null	null
steve.nguyen@enron.com	23159	null	null
lianne.cairns@enron.com	23160	null	null
rospectsnow@bellsouth.net	23161	null	null
jones'.'brent@enron.com	23162	null	null
anna.harris@enron.com	23163	null	null
anita.llamas-granado@enron.com	23164	null	null
jl1qwkdonufht@concentric.net	23165	null	null
saima.qadir@enron.com	23166	null	null
sspencer@wpsenergy.com	23167	null	null
cguthrie@vcn.com	23168	null	null
heidi.messick@enron.com	23169	null	null
milken.institute@enron.com	23170	null	null
occc@sedona.net	23171	null	null
1800flowers.251421602@s2u2.com	23172	null	null
networkservices@clearwater-fl.com	23173	null	null
leadtrack@klcorp.com	23174	null	null
jennifer.reimer@enron.com	23175	null	null
mvoss@zeusdevelopment.com	23176	null	null
sblack@hollandhart.com	23177	null	null
akoelemay@cogc.com	23178	null	null
akoelemay@coge.co	23178	null	null
akoelemay@cogc.co	23178	null	null
ted.huang@enron.com	23179	null	null
october2001@lists.winebid.com	23180	null	null
michael.youny@northwestern.com	23181	null	null
nicole.mendez@enron.com	23182	null	null
tms-ditt1.donald@enron.com	23183	null	null
uhenningsen@hotmail.com	23184	null	null
lmellencamp@enron.com	23185	null	null
howard.comet@weil.com	23186	null	null
comet@starshaper.com	23186	null	null
bessik.matchavariani@enron.com	23187	null	null
infousa9596@eudoramail.com	23188	null	null
fiona.grant@enron.com	23189	null	null
expedia.com_007739@expedia.customer-email.com	23190	null	null
lance.shuler@enron.com	23191	null	null
william.e.nicas@exxon.com	23192	null	null
sdl@calwind.com	23193	null	null
chadalavada@enron.com	23194	null	null
ivpjw@home.ro	23195	null	null
jvondrak@aol.com	23196	null	null
allen.childress@enron.com	23197	null	null
wgoodbody@hotmail.com	23198	null	null
bbarth@enron.com	23199	null	null
buffalo_bayou@enron.com	23200	null	null
dalton.hogan@enron.com	23201	null	null
sande@pira.com	23202	null	null
mollyadams123@hotmail.com	23203	null	null
normthompson@nortom.4at1.com	23204	null	null
jaycooljones@aol.com	23205	null	null
shiaochen@hotmail.com	23206	null	null
amos_pettingill-79857871-16210086@service.populardemand.com	23207	null	null
phil.waddell@enron.com	23208	null	null
mancini.gianfilippo@enel.it	23209	null	null
lina.jimenez@enron.com	23210	null	null
lina@enron.com	23210	null	null
768l97ol@msn.com	23211	null	null
meanniejeannie@prodigy.net	23212	null	null
carla.o'neil@enron.com	23213	null	null
lola.weller@enron.com	23214	null	null
gentry.beach@enron.com	23215	null	null
julee@ppallc.com	23216	null	null
shannon.adlong@enron.com	23217	null	null
patricia.downey@enron.com	23218	null	null
jason.garvey@enron.com	23219	null	null
halton@mail.utexas.edu	23220	null	null
sberman@hewm.com	23221	null	null
sberman@hewn.com	23221	null	null
danny.wilson@enron.com	23222	null	null
rmatthews@velaw.com	23223	null	null
peoplefinder@enron.com	23224	null	null
n.baker@enron.com	23225	null	null
herzer.amanda@enron.com	23226	null	null
frost.com@xmr3.com	23227	null	null
marcelo.meira@enron.com	23228	null	null
fkelly@gbmdc.com	23229	null	null
mark.lichfield@db.com	23230	null	null
norman_a._pedersen@jonesday.com	23231	null	null
412163.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	23232	null	null
christopher.choby@us.pwcglobal.com	23233	null	null
oxxsv@zxmail.com	23234	null	null
jennifer.lev@enron.com	23235	null	null
kimberly.d.head@usa.conoco.com	23236	null	null
robert.harp@elpaso.com	23237	null	null
atrebin@luc.edu	23238	null	null
burnett.curtis@enron.com	23239	null	null
john.hardy@enron.com	23240	null	null
hilary.ackermann@gs.com	23241	null	null
stlamb@beehive.com	23242	null	null
teri.ashley@enron.com	23243	null	null
mcgree@enron.com	23244	null	null
enrique.zambrano@enron.com	23245	null	null
matt.dawson@enron.com	23246	null	null
spahnn@hnks.com	23247	null	null
gjporter@midamerican.com	23248	null	null
bill.payne@csfb.com	23249	null	null
kbssac@aol.com	23250	null	null
ken.raber@electricities.com	23251	null	null
joseph.champs@enron.com	23252	null	null
jason.huang@enron.com	23253	null	null
evanscj@swbell.net	23254	null	null
michael.jacobson@enron.com	23255	null	null
anncrawford@aec.ca	23256	null	null
mike.van@enron.com	23257	null	null
jewwm@pjm.com	23258	null	null
nicky.ekin@enron.com	23259	null	null
caron.horton@trinity.edu	23260	null	null
arvel.martin@enron.com	23261	null	null
rcdn20011125@ombramarketing.com	23262	null	null
jxblanter@duke-energy.com	23263	null	null
topey0661@aol.com	23264	null	null
ecabeard@aol.com	23265	null	null
ftholt@hotmail.com	23266	null	null
julia.hafener@bus.utexas.edu	23267	null	null
stephane.brodeur@enron.com	23268	null	null
sunsuperbowlxxxv@hornet.eeginc.com	23269	null	null
eamullen@facstaff.wisc.edu	23270	null	null
lhom@hotmail.com	23271	null	null
spoogers@football.fantasy.sportsline.com	23272	null	null
neldashealy@yahoo.com	23273	null	null
mohan.gurunath@enron.com	23274	null	null
richard.campbell@enron.com	23275	null	null
osalee."jessica"@mailman.enron.com@enron.com	23276	null	null
spikesp@yahoo.com	23277	null	null
roncarroll@bracepatt.com	23278	null	null
ees_employees@enron.com	23279	null	null
elizabeth.webb@enron.com	23280	null	null
judyjrush@aol.com	23281	null	null
wfp_test@hotmail.com	23282	null	null
pperezalonso@rhm.com.mx	23283	null	null
tb.exnet@erols.com	23284	null	null
ghh@telcordia.com	23285	null	null
psellers49@yahoo.com	23286	null	null
jeff.alexander@enron.com	23287	null	null
dharder20@hotmail.com	23288	null	null
mjacobson@fce.com	23289	null	null
insynconline.6dzbtmwk.d@insync-palm.com	23290	null	null
888marketing@371.net	23291	null	null
sburac1@epeelectric.com	23292	null	null
sburac1@epelectric.com	23292	null	null
cthiele@velaw.com	23293	null	null
leonard.daily@enron.com	23294	null	null
insideralerts@thomsonfn.com	23295	null	null
llbean@explore1.llbean.com	23296	null	null
ohwebmaster@opg.com	23297	null	null
blarson@icc.state.il.us	23298	null	null
ice-administration@intcx.com	23299	null	null
anna.mcandrew@enron.com	23300	null	null
kim.watson@enron.com	23301	null	null
jim.c.moore@williams.com	23302	null	null
tom.sherrier@enron.com	23303	null	null
sgiridha@prismintl.com	23304	null	null
pdrexel@columbiaenergygroup.com	23305	null	null
danusia.mas@destia.com	23306	null	null
brian.gillis@enron.com	23307	null	null
rdposton@duke-energy.com	23308	null	null
mary_dolan@umit.maine.edu	23309	null	null
cassandra.dutton@enron.com	23310	null	null
polian@enron.com	23311	null	null
connie.estrems@enron.com	23312	null	null
laura.bosek@enron.com	23313	null	null
cgukhal@hotmail.com	23314	null	null
heroldjm@tdprs.state.tx.us	23315	null	null
hamish.teasdale@us.pwcglobal.com	23316	null	null
randy.petersen@enron.com	23317	null	null
rwhyde@duke-energy.com	23318	null	null
rmoore@ameramex.com	23319	null	null
lharpold@lrmlaw.com	23320	null	null
john.henderson@enron.com	23321	null	null
abakarich@renfrew-insurance.com	23322	null	null
sstokes@tbdnetworks.com	23323	null	null
margalith@elektro.com.br	23324	null	null
jean.mcfarland@enron.com	23325	null	null
yvette.parker@enron.com	23326	null	null
aalavi@metamor-its.com	23327	null	null
lisa_carey@dell.com	23328	null	null
tcssunsurvey@burke.com	23329	null	null
cara.vaughan@enron.com	23330	null	null
jgibbons@pollutionprobe.org	23331	null	null
kirit.purbhoo@enron.com	23332	null	null
jbuccigross@skippingstone.com	23333	null	null
marketingdm@sdabocconi.it	23334	null	null
inclouds@hotmail.com	23335	null	null
shanna.funkhouser@enron.com	23336	null	null
hf20@msn.com	23337	null	null
edahnxpnkb@dlc.fi	23338	null	null
j.norment@pecorp.com	23339	null	null
debbie.robinson@engageenergy.com	23340	null	null
mary.vollmer@enron.com	23341	null	null
ztczubvbzu@ever2.beontarget.com	23342	null	null
ckrupka@mwe.com	23343	null	null
k-counsel@staffingsolutionsllc.com	23344	null	null
linda.hawkins@enron.com	23345	null	null
rlukas@keyspanenergy.com	23346	null	null
steve.whitaker@enron.com	23347	null	null
password@vertical.net	23348	null	null
password@classmates.com	23348	null	null
akasha.bibb@enron.com	23349	null	null
ebattioli@azurixbasa.com.ar	23350	null	null
pnorton@bearpaw.com	23351	null	null
e..dickson@enron.com	23352	null	null
dave.farnaby@enron.com	23353	null	null
bibayoff@winfirst.com	23354	null	null
lacye.brymer@enron.com	23355	null	null
j@seanet.com	23356	null	null
pix@visionquestphotography.com	23357	null	null
kklotz-guest@excitecorp.com	23358	null	null
dloer95m@mailandnews.com	23359	null	null
rodriguezgm@hotmail.com	23360	null	null
kerry.gramse@enron.com	23361	null	null
smutny@iepa.com	23362	null	null
jean.adams@enron.com	23363	null	null
joseph.bertucci@enron.com	23364	null	null
neil.davies@enron.com	23365	null	null
jane.m.tholt@enron.com	23366	null	null
captjack@napanet.net	23367	null	null
fking@enron.com	23368	null	null
christopher.lewis@accenture.com	23369	null	null
wwatson@hts-la.com	23370	null	null
chad.o.holliday@usa.dupont.com	23371	null	null
fran.chang@enron.com	23372	null	null
madeline.fox@enron.com	23373	null	null
veronica_l_birch@fpl.com	23374	null	null
scott.hill@enron.com	23375	null	null
8915473@archwireless.net	23376	null	null
marc.manly@newpower.com	23377	null	null
marc.manly@enron.com	23377	null	null
jennifer.cronquist@personneldecisions.com	23378	null	null
kmchugh@wsgc.com	23379	null	null
eugene.clark@ssmb.com	23380	null	null
sjhoil@earthlink.com	23381	null	null
sunjay.arya@enron.com	23382	null	null
michael.sullivan@enron.com	23383	null	null
rand'.'addison@enron.com	23384	null	null
leslie.linares@enron.com	23385	null	null
shellyalex@acninc.net	23386	null	null
kerry.donk@esca.com	23387	null	null
david_garza@oxy.com	23388	null	null
thompson_don@jpmorgan.com	23389	null	null
donna.jones@enron.com	23390	null	null
joe.kaishkill@enron.com	23391	null	null
bbrogan@calpine.com	23392	null	null
workted@enron.com	23393	null	null
brenna.l.boyd@us.arthurandersen.com	23394	null	null
wenxia.zhang@enron.com	23395	null	null
bounces@q.go.com	23396	null	null
cgribblego@hotmail.com	23397	null	null
melissa.ratnala@enron.com	23398	null	null
rebecca.fordham@enron.com	23399	null	null
kathryn.jenkinson@enron.com	23400	null	null
wec@chilesoffshore.com	23401	null	null
john.chismar@enron.com	23402	null	null
tlgoodri@seiworldwide.com	23403	null	null
anoveshen@yahoo.com	23404	null	null
allison.navin@enron.com	23405	null	null
richard.wendt@enron.com	23406	null	null
onlineservice@lensexpress.com	23407	null	null
jfawcet@enron.com	23408	null	null
craig.communications@enron.com	23409	null	null
stephen.harris@elpaso.com	23410	null	null
realbigwinners@media.sarc-media.com	23411	null	null
vanemburgh.kevin@enron.com	23412	null	null
kc.225910.4853.0@chasereply.kanaonline.com	23413	null	null
yourteam2@ourhouse.com	23414	null	null
richard.hanagriff@enron.com	23415	null	null
angie.zeman@enron.com	23416	null	null
mary.fischer-cheslock@enron.com	23417	null	null
stephen.perich@enron.com	23418	null	null
sb-alumni@haas.berkeley.edu	23419	null	null
gina.lavallee@enron.com	23420	null	null
sslater@epsa.org	23421	null	null
ebert.joe@enron.com	23422	null	null
rufburt@aol.com	23423	null	null
paul.parrish@enron.com	23424	null	null
sumitb23@hotmail.com	23425	null	null
joebeth@flash.net	23426	null	null
robert.rose@enron.com	23427	null	null
genec@humes-berg.com	23428	null	null
platter.oregon@verizon.net	23429	null	null
platter.oregon@verizon.com	23429	null	null
abbyb@usgt.com	23430	null	null
edgar.zuleta@enron.com	23431	null	null
marcos_cunha@westlb.com.br	23432	null	null
patricia.o'neal@enron.com	23433	null	null
gerry.medeles@enron.com	23434	null	null
4b98e0e8-e7271b97-862566a9-4fb484@enron.com	23435	null	null
ameckler@internet.com	23436	null	null
luca@daimon.it	23437	null	null
sxl@crai.com	23438	null	null
griff.gray@enron.com	23439	null	null
mike.mazowita@enron.com	23440	null	null
kathy.moore@enron.com	23441	null	null
alanmit@microsoft.com	23442	null	null
kjorgensen@wafs.com	23443	null	null
swablett@yahoo.com	23444	null	null
clayton.vernon@enron.com	23445	null	null
mcnamarg@ummhc.org	23446	null	null
gail.glidewell@enron.com	23447	null	null
mark.lindsey@enron.com	23448	null	null
kassandra.banks@enron.com	23449	null	null
smcdonald@epcor.ca	23450	null	null
energy.professional@mailman.enron.com	23451	null	null
jwnolan0216@yahoo.com	23452	null	null
sue.gaines@enron.com	23453	null	null
leewells@swbell.net	23454	null	null
special-offers-admin@mail.southwest.com	23455	null	null
8776519147@skytel.com	23456	null	null
geneva.davis@enron.com	23457	null	null
gperez@caiso.com	23458	null	null
frye@haas.berkeley.edu	23459	null	null
'bunruh'@enron.com	23460	null	null
odessapumps@enron.com	23461	null	null
bret.scholtes@enron.com	23462	null	null
eric.booth@enron.com	23463	null	null
pmains@n2h2.com	23464	null	null
b.marozas@pecorp.com	23465	null	null
georgep@rocketball.com	23466	null	null
jordanmackay@hotmail.com	23467	null	null
tammy_childers2002@yahoo.com	23468	null	null
scarsonpro@pga.com	23469	null	null
james.buzek@enron.com	23470	null	null
vversen@enron.com	23471	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.107607@joinmail.ccbn.com	23472	null	null
sustanle@utilicorp.com	23473	null	null
bpwallin@townisp.com	23474	null	null
tfalk@kcc.com	23475	null	null
beale'.'jeff@enron.com	23476	null	null
edling.andy@enron.com	23477	null	null
andy_edling@kindermorgan.com	23477	null	null
vincent.wagner@enron.com	23478	null	null
grail.mc@enron.com	23479	null	null
lcjo@dynegy.com	23480	null	null
deb.gebhardt@enron.com	23481	null	null
awheeler@onetel.net.uk	23482	null	null
houtexexes@pdq.net	23483	null	null
janine_watson@transcanada.com	23484	null	null
demoyae@coned.com	23485	null	null
mark.thibodeaux@enron.com	23486	null	null
llien@resonate.com	23487	null	null
jason.ware@bus.utexas.edu	23488	null	null
eei_business_products@eei.org	23489	null	null
products@eei.org	23489	null	null
products@tonerbuys.com	23489	null	null
debi.vanwey@enron.com	23490	null	null
debi@enron.com	23490	null	null
nanderson@mooringsnet.com	23491	null	null
dave.odneal@enron.com	23492	null	null
bob.berry@enron.com	23493	null	null
al2@jmbm.com	23494	null	null
sobotkad@kochind.com	23495	null	null
sackreit@flash.net	23496	null	null
peclasa@pdq.net	23497	null	null
james.steffew@enron.com	23498	null	null
ochairm@exchange.enron.com	23499	null	null
robert.cass@enron.com	23500	null	null
vice.president@whitehouse.gov	23501	null	null
a3e5t4s7w3t@hotmail.com	23502	null	null
kim.frumkin@enron.com	23503	null	null
jrichey@compuserve.com	23504	null	null
tom.mclaren@gpcinternational.com	23505	null	null
lloyd.will@enron.com	23506	null	null
will'.'lloyd@enron.com	23506	null	null
kelly.strader@enron.com	23507	null	null
bobbie.lachapelle@enron.com	23508	null	null
lance.jameson@enron.com	23509	null	null
jennifer.ballas@enron.com	23510	null	null
jennifer_ballas@pgn.com	23510	null	null
bob.fisher@enron.com	23511	null	null
timothy15447fsgsfd@flashmail.com	23512	null	null
dschneider@challiance.org	23513	null	null
david.duran@enron.com	23514	null	null
duran@enron.com	23514	null	null
tracyamichel@msn.com	23515	null	null
jeff.youngflesh@enron.com	23516	null	null
peter.traung@enron.com	23517	null	null
morgan.scott@enron.com	23518	null	null
mmetzner@pwrteam.com	23519	null	null
cathylendel@canada.com	23520	null	null
jnncchamberlin@enron.com	23521	null	null
isdasingapore@isda.org	23522	null	null
joshua.fieber@wepco.com	23523	null	null
bwanaro1@hotmail.com	23524	null	null
andrew.makk@enron.com	23525	null	null
bsubie@aol.com	23526	null	null
wendy.king@enron.com	23527	null	null
fasb133@energyseminars.com	23528	null	null
sue.ford@enron.com	23529	null	null
specs@wineisit.com	23530	null	null
arkskilling@hotmail.com	23531	null	null
chairman.ets@enron.com	23532	null	null
a-krishnamurthy@nwu.edu	23533	null	null
shashi.patel@enron.com	23534	null	null
tony.harris@enron.com	23535	null	null
pfournie@royallepage2.com	23536	null	null
n..gilbert@enron.com	23537	null	null
iraq@iraq.nu	23538	null	null
steve.nat@enron.com	23539	null	null
amychyde@yahoo.com	23540	null	null
peter.ramgolam@enron.com	23541	null	null
dhuddles@enron.com	23542	null	null
chris.bishop@cn.ca	23543	null	null
chris.bishop@enron.com	23543	null	null
susan.gleason@enron.com	23544	null	null
joao.albuquerque@enron.com	23545	null	null
james.ajello@enron.com	23546	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3944@lists.smartmoney.com	23547	null	null
drehfeldt@tnpe.com	23548	null	null
jbengson@utilicorp.com	23549	null	null
carmen.schnur@enron.com	23550	null	null
rahul.basu@enron.com	23551	null	null
mm1030603.12428893@response.musicmatch.com	23552	null	null
rscook@aep.com	23553	null	null
kenneth.baker@txu.com	23554	null	null
kraber@electricities.org	23555	null	null
currency@sina.com	23556	null	null
gdrillock@sempratrading.com	23557	null	null
robert.krotee@enron.com	23558	null	null
emalone@mreconsulting.com	23559	null	null
gkrause@enron.com	23560	null	null
gmweissman@aep.com	23561	null	null
ckk@ascentgroup.com	23562	null	null
mhighsmithcoover@agency.com	23563	null	null
sgreenleaf@caiso.com	23564	null	null
jeff.duff@enron.com	23565	null	null
dena.grady@ey.com	23566	null	null
bpars97@aol.com	23567	null	null
jodie.floyd@enron.com	23568	null	null
jasnbass@swbell.net	23569	null	null
greg.martin@enron.com	23570	null	null
chris.huckleberry@mail.house.gov	23571	null	null
united3@my.mileageplus.com	23572	null	null
msimpkins@winstead.com	23573	null	null
tony.valenzuela@enron.com	23574	null	null
aol.users@mailman.enron.com	23575	null	null
rae.fresia@travelpark.com	23576	null	null
kasmith@thosecomputerpeople.com	23577	null	null
darrell.aguilar@enron.com	23578	null	null
peck.jerry@enron.com	23579	null	null
pbantis@ayco.com	23580	null	null
richard.pinion@enron.com	23581	null	null
macys_support@adm.chtah.com	23582	null	null
rosario.boling@enron.com	23583	null	null
eauverde@hotmail.com	23584	null	null
invoice@register.com	23585	null	null
randy.bissey@enron.com	23586	null	null
anabel.soria@travelpark.com	23587	null	null
tstreicher@servicepro.net	23588	null	null
mike_kleiner@gulf.ca	23589	null	null
steve_mcmillin@gramm.senate.gov	23590	null	null
james_r_easter@reliantenergy.com	23591	null	null
yyfeng@se.cuhk.edu.hk	23592	null	null
d..poppa@enron.com	23593	null	null
k.ishaq@enron.com	23594	null	null
doniel.watts@ourclub.com	23595	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5260228-5236993-j0zqc139@tumble2.datek.com	23596	null	null
laura.harder@enron.com	23597	null	null
harder'.'laura@enron.com	23597	null	null
jeffrey.w.dellapina@chase.com	23598	null	null
young.ann@enron.com	23599	null	null
david.field@mirant.com	23600	null	null
facqe@8848.net	23601	null	null
elizabeth.lopez@ihsenergy.com	23602	null	null
toby.kuehl@enron.com	23603	null	null
dennis.sidbury@prudential.com	23604	null	null
sidbury@haas.berkeley.edu	23604	null	null
erik_benke@hotmail.com	23605	null	null
markm@cajunusa.com	23606	null	null
fletch.sturm@enron.com	23607	null	null
dwear@pecorp.com	23608	null	null
matthew.berry@enron.com	23609	null	null
hal945@swbell.net	23610	null	null
ikpdu@go.ru	23611	null	null
barbara.dillard@enron.com	23612	null	null
katherine.crosswhite@enron.com	23613	null	null
melvin.anderson@enron.com	23614	null	null
eric.eisenman@neg.pge.com	23615	null	null
lcentol@lsu.edu	23616	null	null
monstercrush@email.qves.com	23617	null	null
trevino.sandee@enron.com	23618	null	null
don_deach@calpx.com	23619	null	null
harvey.kaura@enron.com	23620	null	null
riofish@mac.com	23621	null	null
chuck.ames@enron.com	23622	null	null
laura.bacon@enron.com	23623	null	null
donna.henton@enron.com	23624	null	null
sjacoby@anderson.ucla.edu	23625	null	null
debra.blake@enron.com	23626	null	null
paul.myford@enron.com	23627	null	null
abamontb@slu.edu	23628	null	null
nezi.marvin@enron.com	23629	null	null
john.novak@enron.com	23630	null	null
leslie_hansen@ect.enron.net	23631	null	null
leslie.hansen@enron.com	23631	null	null
t..davidson@enron.com	23632	null	null
del-colle@enron.com	23633	null	null
jewing@smurfit.com	23634	null	null
patel.viju@enron.com	23635	null	null
craigvasquezjones@hotmail.com	23636	null	null
kelley.mcintyre@enron.com	23637	null	null
gann@enron.com	23638	null	null
mcampbell@hdinc.com	23639	null	null
rajib.saha@enron.com	23640	null	null
ronboz_1977@yahoo.com	23641	null	null
k..bargainer@enron.com	23642	null	null
vbhat@tatahousing.com	23643	null	null
doug.hincks@powerpool.ab.ca	23644	null	null
mark.mccoy@enron.com	23645	null	null
aboytinck@email.msn.com	23646	null	null
aboytinck@msn.com	23646	null	null
michel.decnop@enron.com	23647	null	null
rajibsaha59@hotmail.com	23648	null	null
carol.castanos@enron.com	23649	null	null
shipping@cdnow.com	23650	null	null
tonyb@nepco.com	23651	null	null
vanpelt@enron.com	23652	null	null
mike.self@enron.com	23653	null	null
greg.wolfe@enron.com	23654	null	null
rebecca.sanchez@enron.com	23655	null	null
stornetta.todd@enron.com	23656	null	null
mckinsey_wef@mckinsey.com	23657	null	null
scott.underberg@ey.com	23658	null	null
davidcabello@earthlink.net	23659	null	null
rblumberg@ajunto.com	23660	null	null
sherry.noack@elpaso.com	23661	null	null
jwyman@houstonstreet.com	23662	null	null
a2005@mail.yahoo.co.jp	23663	null	null
dlm@globaladvisors.co.uk	23664	null	null
avalenzu@haas.berkeley.edu	23665	null	null
verne_barr@cdnoxy.com	23666	null	null
ggt@gateway.net	23667	null	null
gwyn.koepke@enron.com	23668	null	null
bestbrooke@mindspring.com	23669	null	null
nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com	23670	null	null
charlie.dalpho@enron.com	23671	null	null
kimberly.bragg@enron.com	23672	null	null
op25no1@hotmail.com	23673	null	null
exectours@earthlink.net	23674	null	null
asjfour@aol.com	23675	null	null
leslie_dudzinski@instinet.com	23676	null	null
jimnmeredith@houston.rr.com	23677	null	null
ahockman2@attbroadband.com	23678	null	null
eda@aol.com	23679	null	null
k..loukanis@enron.com	23680	null	null
jwentz@energygateway.com	23681	null	null
toth@dynegy.com	23682	null	null
b..childress@enron.com	23683	null	null
joego@calpine.com	23684	null	null
r-8-724539-3371579-2-1232-us2-79556634@xmr3.com	23685	null	null
kunreuth@wharton.upenn.edu	23686	null	null
bdavis@enron.com	23687	null	null
brando.hayden@enron.com	23688	null	null
garb@abag.ca.gov	23689	null	null
hwatson@oregontrail.net	23690	null	null
lapsiinv@aol.com	23691	null	null
chrissy.grove@enron.com	23692	null	null
wkelly2@houston.rr.com	23693	null	null
blb1173@aol.com	23694	null	null
dks@cpuc.ca.gov	23695	null	null
im-urlaub@t-online.de	23696	null	null
betty.studzinski@enron.com	23697	null	null
talley@us.abb.com	23698	null	null
atowne@hobbstowne.com	23699	null	null
pratish.kanani@enron.com	23700	null	null
hoekemaa@rabo-bank.com	23701	null	null
rmcnair@cogentech.com	23702	null	null
enl-members-html@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	23703	null	null
tariqakhan@email.msn.com	23704	null	null
jjsauce@aol.com	23705	null	null
egw@a-klaw.com	23706	null	null
bsheppard@velaw.com	23707	null	null
'79.chris@enron.com	23708	null	null
kristine.best@enron.com	23709	null	null
tomboy2377@hotmail.com	23710	null	null
hbrunette@earthlink.net	23711	null	null
kenton_erwin@enron.net	23712	null	null
kenton.erwin@enron.com	23712	null	null
christinazuver@msn.com	23713	null	null
investinme@enron.com	23714	null	null
sbihop@gibbs-bruns.com	23715	null	null
sgrendel@ercot.com	23716	null	null
nicola.garrett@cliffordchance.com	23717	null	null
jennifer.prewit@ipgdirect.com	23718	null	null
cheryl.wilchynski@enron.com	23719	null	null
etblaw@aol.com	23720	null	null
rachelhayes@writeme.com	23721	null	null
telecon2@listserv.ftenergy.com	23722	null	null
swilliam@centramedia.net	23723	null	null
jepatton@bpa.gov	23724	null	null
mark.kiddle@enron.com	23725	null	null
walton3@pjm.com	23726	null	null
dlassere@enron.com	23727	null	null
gt@bomchil.com.ar	23728	null	null
hotpick251286@yahoo.co.jp	23729	null	null
creeder@texas.net	23730	null	null
tim.bowler@enron.com	23731	null	null
eleonor.pabilani@enron.com	23732	null	null
jay.webb@enron.com	23733	null	null
mfowler2@aol.com	23734	null	null
cschwartz@velaw.com	23735	null	null
cschwartz@yahoo.com	23735	null	null
djray@engr.wisc.edu	23736	null	null
jason.althaus@enron.com	23737	null	null
felina.lim@enron.com	23738	null	null
zvon@enron.com	23739	null	null
iziosystem@convene.com	23740	null	null
mholland@rmmlf.org	23741	null	null
raul.davila@enron.com	23742	null	null
anavin@enron.com	23743	null	null
kaye63@earthlink.net	23744	null	null
ghayes@mcwilliamsforge.com	23745	null	null
sk.call@enron.com	23746	null	null
blore.walt@enron.com	23747	null	null
chris_strickland@compuserve.com	23748	null	null
suggsa@epenergy.com	23749	null	null
hwoo@japansociety.org	23750	null	null
wdxmmubcjluhhyrb@msn.com	23751	null	null
michelle.parks@enron.com	23752	null	null
blakew@vividence.com	23753	null	null
jacorealty@aol.com	23754	null	null
ntaylor@llgm.com	23755	null	null
kim_hanson@enron.net	23756	null	null
mark.shea@bankofamerica.com	23757	null	null
mm1020901.15419044@response.musicmatch.com	23758	null	null
chuck.good@enron.com	23759	null	null
susan.gensichen@enron.com	23760	null	null
steve.young@enron.com	23761	null	null
willsharonsnyder@aol.com	23762	null	null
wsccstds@wscc.com	23763	null	null
centilli@enron.com	23764	null	null
james.trudeau@enron.com	23765	null	null
lkao@mail.cox.smu.edu	23766	null	null
stephen.plauche@enron.com	23767	null	null
21f382737e8311a74bca1df39e574bcbd0c@tm02.com	23768	null	null
mike.etringer@enron.com	23769	null	null
pnelson@linklaters.com	23770	null	null
ayudkowsky@stroock.com	23771	null	null
ayudkowsky@strook.com	23771	null	null
wlmcreynolds@bpa.gov	23772	null	null
bryan.gottfredson@enron.com	23773	null	null
ted.barlow@enron.com	23774	null	null
jeremy.pitts@bakernet.com	23775	null	null
mary.civik@enron.com	23776	null	null
eric.tipp@enron.com	23777	null	null
alerts-stock@yahoo-inc.com	23778	null	null
tim.richardson@stoneweb.com	23779	null	null
sportslinerewards@mail.0mm.com	23780	null	null
roman.piaskoski@gsa.gov	23781	null	null
ian.cooke@enron.com	23782	null	null
eric.calub@enron.com	23783	null	null
mcgaughy@enron.com	23784	null	null
boardcafe-request@lists.compasspoint.org	23785	null	null
great_steaks@offer.omahasteaks.com	23786	null	null
boeh@opic.gov	23787	null	null
mallik.avs@enron.com	23788	null	null
charon.little@enron.com	23789	null	null
david.port@enron.com	23790	null	null
jtp497@rcn.com	23791	null	null
lclore@fulbright.com	23792	null	null
veronica.gonzalez@enron.com	23793	null	null
rickbe@microsoft.com	23794	null	null
harp.mary@enron.com	23795	null	null
bforson2@hotmail.com	23796	null	null
j53z@msn.com	23797	null	null
maechler@stat.math.ethz.ch	23798	null	null
cynthia.siniard@enron.com	23799	null	null
greg.woulfe@enron.com	23800	null	null
bevin.hunter@enron.com	23801	null	null
rvmoreno@cmsenergy.com	23802	null	null
419528.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	23803	null	null
judynleon@prodigy.net	23804	null	null
celemi@excelcomm.com	23805	null	null
v5tvhj@hotmail.com	23806	null	null
onoisycats@aol.com	23807	null	null
jennifer.hutchens@enron.com	23808	null	null
george.lachner@enron.com	23809	null	null
dmuchow@erols.com	23810	null	null
documents.405416.2671.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	23811	null	null
jackie.bell@ssmb.com	23812	null	null
carefundel00-95@spiegelmcd.com	23813	null	null
tracey.kari@enron.com	23814	null	null
y..brown@enron.com	23815	null	null
robbieaiken@pinnacledc.com	23816	null	null
edgroup@eei.org	23817	null	null
alice.wimberly@cfisd.net	23818	null	null
judy.barnes@enron.com	23819	null	null
brownj@gmpvt.com	23820	null	null
theresa.wiesmann@enron.com	23821	null	null
johess@duke-energy.com	23822	null	null
aventura@edelmanmexico.com.mx	23823	null	null
plechaty.bob@enron.com	23824	null	null
candacehurdle@admisi.com	23825	null	null
spitandimage@earthlink.net	23826	null	null
81zxoesd@msn.com	23827	null	null
team.tax@enron.com	23828	null	null
bianca_hayes@hotmail.com	23829	null	null
snewsom@sempra.com	23830	null	null
adam.caldwell@enron.com	23831	null	null
imprezars_71@hotmail.com	23832	null	null
hector.alviar@enron.com	23833	null	null
chedleston@home.com	23834	null	null
chedleston@earthlink.net	23834	null	null
jprice@caiso.com	23835	null	null
frank.oldenhuis@enron.com	23836	null	null
bretwalburg@hotmail.com	23837	null	null
thomas.mcfatridge@enron.com	23838	null	null
baron@enron.com	23839	null	null
peggy.heeg@elpaso.com	23840	null	null
hlheath@mail.mindsync.com	23841	null	null
c.griffin@enron.com	23842	null	null
suzanne.francis@enron.com	23843	null	null
djimenez@siebel.com	23844	null	null
jestes@skadden.com	23845	null	null
tony.torres@enron.com	23846	null	null
faretracker_019907@expedia.customer-email.com	23847	null	null
susan.rance@enron.com	23848	null	null
david.galloway@chron.com	23849	null	null
esarte@haas.berkeley.edu	23850	null	null
wbombich@swlp.com	23851	null	null
stephanie.mcmurray@enron.com	23852	null	null
jennifer.savage@enron.com	23853	null	null
noreply-myuhc@uhc.com	23854	null	null
ricupati.frank@enron.com	23855	null	null
'arem'@enron.com	23856	null	null
arem@electric.com	23856	null	null
jon.hoffmeister@anheuser-busch.com	23857	null	null
beth.ryan@enron.com	23858	null	null
george.davis@enron.com	23859	null	null
keiser.mandi@enron.com	23860	null	null
markel@enron.com	23861	null	null
candices@vailresorts.com	23862	null	null
loon'.'adam@enron.com	23863	null	null
mapquest.10@reply.pm0.net	23864	null	null
james.liff@enron.com	23865	null	null
elisabeth.mccabe@enron.com	23866	null	null
jennifer.sabine@enron.com	23867	null	null
paul_macgregor@transcanada.com	23868	null	null
equidans@msn.com	23869	null	null
"boehler@enron.com	23870	null	null
chinman@caiso.com	23871	null	null
matt.burleigh@enron.com	23872	null	null
retailmarket@ercot.com	23873	null	null
camckinsey@aep.com	23874	null	null
carla.argyriou@enron.com	23875	null	null
larryb@amerexenergy.com	23876	null	null
swhyte@mindspring.com	23877	null	null
ea02@haas.berkeley.edu	23878	null	null
ann.carethers@enron.com	23879	null	null
om_2894652143@cmates.com	23880	null	null
davos@mailman.enron.com	23881	null	null
prieur3@infolink.com	23882	null	null
mjacobs@dbsr.com	23883	null	null
emailconfirm@180096hotel.com	23884	null	null
emailconfirm@mail.180096hotel.com	23884	null	null
carey_elizabeth@yahoo.com	23885	null	null
hazelm@reninet.com	23886	null	null
bbauer@caiso.com	23887	null	null
sarah.brown@enron.com	23888	null	null
andrea.streight@enron.com	23889	null	null
hwilson@dynastymotorcar.com	23890	null	null
brenno.nl@pg.com	23891	null	null
ansur@econ.berkeley.edu	23892	null	null
bogden@ogwb.com	23893	null	null
jart@stirlingprop.com	23894	null	null
expediatravel_011049@expedia.customer-email.com	23895	null	null
dkhenery@br-inc.com	23896	null	null
rulrich@shl.com	23897	null	null
lmilfred@na.ko.com	23898	null	null
jenniferp@acespower.com	23899	null	null
monpost4894@yahoo.com	23900	null	null
405954.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	23901	null	null
holt.david@enron.com	23902	null	null
angela.wright@truequote.com	23903	null	null
dstraszheim@milken-inst.org	23904	null	null
lin.richardson@enron.com	23905	null	null
chip.bjorklund@hboc.com	23906	null	null
chip.bjorklund@itb.mckhboc.com	23906	null	null
bjorklund@enron.com	23906	null	null
teresa.mihalik@enron.com	23907	null	null
thida@best.com	23908	null	null
james.weitekamp@enron.com	23909	null	null
jennyink@home.com	23910	null	null
angie.hueca@enron.com	23911	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3350@lists.smartmoney.com	23912	null	null
mdunn1@milbank.com	23913	null	null
factory.project@enron.com	23914	null	null
scott.healy@enron.com	23915	null	null
renee.smith@enron.com	23916	null	null
blhankins@att.net	23917	null	null
kevin.lee@enron.com	23918	null	null
holger.fahrinkrug@ubsw.com	23919	null	null
whitney.fox@enron.com	23920	null	null
c12cshift@yahoo.com	23921	null	null
kcsmith@gateway.net	23922	null	null
jdavies@nyiso.com	23923	null	null
dona.carmony@ourclub.com	23924	null	null
dolson@smileatyou.com	23925	null	null
paul.d.curry@enron.com	23926	null	null
brightmire@enron.com	23927	null	null
amchenry@enron.com	23928	null	null
amchenry@porterhedges.com	23928	null	null
pat_mulhern@oxy.com	23929	null	null
jboyd@enron.co.uk	23930	null	null
miller.jackie@enron.com	23931	null	null
jshaw@iirltd.co.uk	23932	null	null
guyer.brent@enron.com	23933	null	null
ckbenergy@aol.com	23934	null	null
bschaeffer@prebon.com	23935	null	null
mary.moore@enron.com	23936	null	null
dblock97@hotmail.com	23937	null	null
liliana.m.emanuelli@us.pwcglobal.com	23938	null	null
mike_dickson@fpl.com	23939	null	null
rrogers@enron.com	23940	null	null
jenningsj@epenergy.com	23941	null	null
kurt.huneke@enron.com	23942	null	null
ben.glisan@enron.com	23943	null	null
patti.ect@enron.com	23944	null	null
jastone@southernco.com	23945	null	null
definis.rob@enron.com	23946	null	null
all.enron.employees.north.america@enron.com	23947	null	null
ameritrade_029426@ameritrade.customer-email.com	23948	null	null
brian.bracken@enron.com	23949	null	null
bridgelinestephens@enron.com	23950	null	null
mcf7@pge.com	23951	null	null
johnl@review.com	23952	null	null
johnl@prestongates.com	23952	null	null
alberto.gude@enron.com	23953	null	null
dan.skopec@mail.house.gov	23954	null	null
smosley@aglresources.com	23955	null	null
crcommunications@caiso.com	23956	null	null
ktrujill@uwyo.edu	23957	null	null
aw-confirm@ebay.com	23958	null	null
pattyr@bevcomm.net	23959	null	null
jgreco@caithnessenergy.com	23960	null	null
christophercobb@akllp.com	23961	null	null
tp@technologicp.com	23962	null	null
vze28szx@verizon.net	23963	null	null
robert.james@enron.com	23964	null	null
su-alumni-tmp@xena.southwestern.edu	23965	null	null
matt.shimaitis@ing-barings.com	23966	null	null
janine.juggins@enron.com	23967	null	null
p194rak@fds.com	23968	null	null
jimgriffeth@compuserve.com	23969	null	null
harroslj@houston.rr.com	23970	null	null
fiona.mcnaught@enron.com	23971	null	null
philbi1@ect.enron.com	23972	null	null
mrothleder@caiso.com	23973	null	null
will.publisher@enron.com	23974	null	null
publications@energy.ca.gov	23975	null	null
mdburkesa@aol.com	23976	null	null
pksinghji@hotmail.com	23977	null	null
chaz2k2k@yahoo.com	23978	null	null
hbcamp@aep.com	23979	null	null
sstreet@angelfire.com	23980	null	null
cecilia.wingate@enron.com	23981	null	null
creddick@svmg.org	23982	null	null
anni@owlnet.rice.edu	23983	null	null
craigb@domcan.com	23984	null	null
tina.dunnaway@enron.com	23985	null	null
globalflash.recipients@enron.com	23986	null	null
newhires@enron.com	23987	null	null
dmeyerhoeffer@mlp.com	23988	null	null
transportation.parking@enron.com	23989	null	null
parking.transportation@enron.com	23989	null	null
sf.directors@enron.com	23990	null	null
mrichter@us.ibm.com	23991	null	null
annie_moore@yahoo.com	23992	null	null
tomara.anderson@enron.com	23993	null	null
nick.cocavessis@enron.com	23994	null	null
photography.com@opt34.edirectnetwork.net	23995	null	null
photography.com@opt09.edirectnetwork.net	23995	null	null
rbriden@ballou.com	23996	null	null
lisa.still@enron.com	23997	null	null
fproctor@akllp.com	23998	null	null
michael.barnas@ps.ge.com	23999	null	null
participateinfo@postfuture.com	24000	null	null
mysyk.courtney@enron.com	24001	null	null
sneal4@houston.rr.com	24002	null	null
a..knudsen@enron.com	24003	null	null
treyandkelly@yahoo.com	24004	null	null
ect.admin@enron.com	24005	null	null
ross_davis@gensler.com	24006	null	null
bbvydlf@france-mail.com	24007	null	null
holiday2@amazon.com	24008	null	null
john.mcpherson@enron.com	24009	null	null
john.dietrich@enron.com	24010	null	null
nyork@pnm.com	24011	null	null
mbp1832@aol.com	24012	null	null
dan.swanson@enron.com	24013	null	null
mnkunselman@swidlaw.com	24014	null	null
orlando.puppin@enron.com	24015	null	null
garyjamison@earthlink.net	24016	null	null
dtf@ercot.com	24017	null	null
eva.hoeffelman@enron.com	24018	null	null
krsaddleshop@king-ranch.com	24019	null	null
justin.j.rutherford@williams.com	24020	null	null
hocampos@hotmail.com	24021	null	null
jpenny@velaw.com	24022	null	null
achrisco@prosrm.com	24023	null	null
ase2042@aol.com	24024	null	null
sophie.martin@enron.com	24025	null	null
tarbright_starlight@bcc-ltd.co.jp	24026	null	null
seinfeld21@mail.com	24027	null	null
ahoban@w-technologies.com	24028	null	null
pendergraft.chris@enron.com	24029	null	null
ctmoran@aep.com	24030	null	null
christine.sullivan@enron.com	24031	null	null
jennieesterow@aol.com	24032	null	null
ctopaha@unm.edu	24033	null	null
thomas.white@enron.com	24034	null	null
1800flowers.86665396@s2u2.com	24035	null	null
lgroff@aep.com	24036	null	null
pearson.ken@enron.com	24037	null	null
philip.bacon@enron.com	24038	null	null
2471@prodigy.net	24039	null	null
carattin@dpw.com	24040	null	null
sbuchheit@bracepatt.com	24041	null	null
lighthouse@independent.org	24042	null	null
61p6@hotmail.com	24043	null	null
sewilliams@mcguirewoods.com	24044	null	null
dowens@eei.org	24045	null	null
jkorth@hhsi.com	24046	null	null
christinehauk@txu.com	24047	null	null
bammelyoungfamilies@listbot.com	24048	null	null
esmith@kanekatexas.com	24049	null	null
wesley.kendall@lexis-nexis.com	24050	null	null
kay.woods@enron.com	24051	null	null
droark@velaw.com	24052	null	null
gateway@emsiweb.com	24053	null	null
brogers2@enron.com	24054	null	null
brogers2@ect.enron.com	24054	null	null
j.@enron.com	24055	null	null
coggins@enron.com	24056	null	null
coggins@fr.com	24056	null	null
keyoung5@hotmail.com	24057	null	null
cdiaz@pdq.net	24058	null	null
williams.ricky@enron.com	24059	null	null
gray.calvert@enron.com	24060	null	null
david.mayeux@enron.com	24061	null	null
dflaux@ema2000.ch	24062	null	null
kimberly.blue@ubsw.com	24063	null	null
raisinghales@aol.com	24064	null	null
dearley@manfinancial.com	24065	null	null
traci.mcbride@raymondjames.ca	24066	null	null
darren.cross@enron.com	24067	null	null
dwaltom@aol.com	24068	null	null
1800flowers.152845755@s2u2.com	24069	null	null
a.j.@enron.com	24070	null	null
mparraca@enron.com	24071	null	null
bille@cnt.org	24072	null	null
asme_cei0210@list.asme.org	24073	null	null
adorazi@enron.com	24074	null	null
chumphries@bircher.com	24075	null	null
an1229@hotmail.com	24076	null	null
marilyng@wt.net	24077	null	null
besser@peoplepc.com	24078	null	null
jenny.parmar@accenture.com	24079	null	null
james.baker@ubsw.com	24080	null	null
samuel.round@enron.com	24081	null	null
kristin.m.patey@accenture.com	24082	null	null
fred.miller@enron.com	24083	null	null
dgordon@exchange.ml.com	24084	null	null
cindyprescot@post.com	24085	null	null
keep.guessing@enron.com	24086	null	null
sspaldi@enron.com	24087	null	null
stevecullen@planetagenda.com	24088	null	null
rita.ramirez@enron.com	24089	null	null
sanjay.konur@enron.com	24090	null	null
greg8835@hcqr.yahoo.com	24091	null	null
george.arvanitis@mirant.com	24092	null	null
apbatra@aol.com	24093	null	null
strat_alert@hotmail.com	24094	null	null
ted.leh@gs.com	24095	null	null
rdking@bpa.gov	24096	null	null
ward.5@home.com	24097	null	null
errol.mclauglin@enron.com	24098	null	null
brilowery@aol.com	24099	null	null
jhr@visionquestinc.com	24100	null	null
parr@hq3.em5.tami	24101	null	null
rick.counihan@greenmountain.com	24102	null	null
jeannie.mandelker@enron.com	24103	null	null
world_this_week@lists.economist.com	24104	null	null
ben.gwaltney@enron.com	24105	null	null
dimoore@airmail.net	24106	null	null
ed.cattigan@enron.com	24107	null	null
r-1-62723-1623987-2-23766-us2-c9c86327@xmr3.com	24108	null	null
cfoster@enron.com	24109	null	null
carlajkitten@aol.com	24110	null	null
rmeyer@swbanktx.com	24111	null	null
enron.europe@enron.com	24112	null	null
ckirby@nwfpa.org	24113	null	null
laurie.davidson@enron.com	24114	null	null
dfincher@utilicorp.com	24115	null	null
dresnick@wallace.com	24116	null	null
11-jribnick@interchange-energy.com	24117	null	null
mike.train@emrsn.com	24118	null	null
febspecials@ino.com	24119	null	null
matusik@rice.edu	24120	null	null
energy_news@ftenergy.com	24121	null	null
lindsay.long@enron.com	24122	null	null
stomasky@aep.com	24123	null	null
matthew.allan@enron.com	24124	null	null
rlsc@dynegy.com	24125	null	null
richmar@flash.net	24126	null	null
leandro.ibasco@enron.com	24127	null	null
murray.thursby@eal.ab.ca	24128	null	null
ronlrun@home.com	24129	null	null
eldon.ball@enron.com	24130	null	null
tammy.kovalcik@enron.com	24131	null	null
scottsab@yahoo.com	24132	null	null
jhooley@siebel.com	24133	null	null
ddunlop@tradespark.com	24134	null	null
bill.jacobs@enron.com	24135	null	null
rodolfo.acevedo@enron.com	24136	null	null
jhadix@calpine.com	24137	null	null
wendykoeb@springisd.org	24138	null	null
rammralt.mary@enron.com	24139	null	null
websupport@moneynet.com	24140	null	null
krice@enron.com	24141	null	null
dari.dornan@enron.com	24142	null	null
frankie.adams@enron.com	24143	null	null
richard.laird@enron.com	24144	null	null
valgcawson@yahoo.com	24145	null	null
sdarrah@entergy.com	24146	null	null
debra_bolton@bakerbotts.com	24147	null	null
david.foti@enron.com	24148	null	null
scott_yeager@enron.net	24149	null	null
scott.yeager@enron.com	24149	null	null
randy_richards@powerspring.com	24150	null	null
abradford@petersco.com	24151	null	null
jlhuemoe@llgm.com	24152	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3984@lists.smartmoney.com	24153	null	null
michael.shapiro@gm.com	24154	null	null
michael.c.bilberry@enron.com	24155	null	null
veronica_brock@hotmail.com	24156	null	null
407982.126932221.2@1.americanexpress.com	24157	null	null
raquel.buentello@enron.com	24158	null	null
browne_ejp@bp.com	24159	null	null
tradersnet@netstations.com	24160	null	null
kmccomb@austin-mccomb.com	24161	null	null
dave_plumb@ci.mesa.us	24162	null	null
dave_plumb@prod1.ci.mesa.az.us	24162	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.274@vremail.com	24163	null	null
mark.walton@enron.com	24164	null	null
cara_freeland@hotmail.com	24165	null	null
raroach@bpa.gov	24166	null	null
aedc@aedc.org	24167	null	null
klarnold@flash.net	24168	null	null
digna.das.showers@enron.com	24169	null	null
hrhill@enron.com	24170	null	null
cindy.buckley@enron.com	24171	null	null
uhsammy@hotmail.com	24172	null	null
mcabee@ev1.net	24173	null	null
fran.fagan@enron.com	24174	null	null
ajc@infohwy.com	24175	null	null
genaro.mendoza@enron.com	24176	null	null
basswtrout085740@pacbell.net	24177	null	null
john.mee@williams.com	24178	null	null
dscott@dlj.com	24179	null	null
dscott@enron.com	24179	null	null
joycerauch@dwt.com	24180	null	null
roy.poyntz@enron.com	24181	null	null
jim.armogida@enron.com	24182	null	null
478124.86351074.2@1.americanexpress.com	24183	null	null
ksubach@afce.com	24184	null	null
cards-help@amazon.com	24185	null	null
patrick.canavan@ubsw.com	24186	null	null
deborah.heath@enron.com	24187	null	null
rebende@earthlink.net	24188	null	null
stephaniep@mymailstation.com	24189	null	null
poppt@andrews-kurth.com	24190	null	null
tracy.scott@enron.com	24191	null	null
david.maskell@enron.com	24192	null	null
akohler@wolfblock.com	24193	null	null
theresa.franklin@enron.com	24194	null	null
ying.liu@enron.com	24195	null	null
1800flowers.237779293@s2u2.com	24196	null	null
rachel.drew@enron.com	24197	null	null
astant@sempratrading.com	24198	null	null
darlene_grossman@hmco.com	24199	null	null
steve.neal@enron.com	24200	null	null
powerst@haynesboone.com	24201	null	null
sstatham@texasbar.com	24202	null	null
jwentwor@du.edu	24203	null	null
esmeralda.hinojosa@enron.com	24204	null	null
janelle.duree@enron.com	24205	null	null
ucandic@aol.com	24206	null	null
bfh@davis.ca	24207	null	null
bradley.diebner@enron.com	24208	null	null
brandon.cavazos@enron.com	24209	null	null
caroline.barnes@enron.com	24210	null	null
millie.gautam@enron.com	24211	null	null
kkolnowski@gwfpower.com	24212	null	null
richard.baumfield@enron.com	24213	null	null
wmaines@mfml.com	24214	null	null
latrice.adeyinka@enron.com	24215	null	null
group.dl-forest@enron.com	24216	null	null
range.jerry@enron.com	24217	null	null
kelleyjurek@123india.com	24218	null	null
mwomack@tristargas.com	24219	null	null
jngo@aep.com	24220	null	null
407982.33949680.1@1.americanexpress.com	24221	null	null
cf44881f-0569-443b-9356-c80858fff550@autotoolbox.net	24222	null	null
patrick.mulvany@enron.com	24223	null	null
larry.gagliardi@enron.com	24224	null	null
123quotes@escriptions.roi1.net	24225	null	null
jdirheimer@cinergy.com	24226	null	null
wdtian_2000@yahoo.com	24227	null	null
pdanna@mieco.com	24228	null	null
dtadams@cmsenergy.com	24229	null	null
valued.home.owner@mailman.enron.com	24230	null	null
strawser@uh.edu	24231	null	null
alisonspare@cs.com	24232	null	null
qkerr@maths.uq.edu.au	24233	null	null
bob.bowen@enron.com	24234	null	null
don.blackburn@txu.com	24235	null	null
jmcgreevy@llgm.com	24236	null	null
williamson.brian@enron.com	24237	null	null
choirmats@aol.com	24238	null	null
pboylston@stoel.com	24239	null	null
lreichel@calpine.com	24240	null	null
javier.li@enron.com	24241	null	null
michael.braly@enron.com	24242	null	null
olga.herrera@enron.com	24243	null	null
oy67ujept7ryzi6.ljmenron@newman.oscar.aol.com	24244	null	null
cmrcoreteam@caiso.com	24245	null	null
busse972@yahoo.com	24246	null	null
tom.sheehy@sen.ca.gov	24247	null	null
holly.mertins@enron.com	24248	null	null
marketwire@dtn.com	24249	null	null
debra.reed@enron.com	24250	null	null
chike.okpara@enron.com	24251	null	null
r-1-144706-3327360-2-259-uk1-bf4cf9fd@xmr3.com	24252	null	null
bookspan123101@emsiweb.com	24253	null	null
texdays@aol.com	24254	null	null
kyle.norosky@enron.com	24255	null	null
ejsnider@cmsenergy.com	24256	null	null
teac@clarksville.net	24257	null	null
teac@iso-ne.com	24257	null	null
2673lehtinen@enron.com	24258	null	null
bob.perez@elpaso.com	24259	null	null
kalmeida@caiso.com	24260	null	null
reliantenergy@ebillcare.com	24261	null	null
expediafaretracker_031567@expedia.customer-email.com	24262	null	null
jhershey@sempratrading.com	24263	null	null
don_germany@notes.basf-corp.com	24264	null	null
james.shirley@enron.com	24265	null	null
shirley.james@enron.com	24265	null	null
byoung@llgm.com	24266	null	null
byoung@prebon.com	24266	null	null
mustafa96@hotmail.com	24267	null	null
dowlena@camerondiv.com	24268	null	null
mbeyer@ect.enron.com	24269	null	null
pmcpheeters@opltexas.com	24270	null	null
amyserb@aol.com	24271	null	null
tyap@andrew.cmu.edu	24272	null	null
skelly9@bloomberg.net	24273	null	null
rxkbzbmnqw@email.itl.net.ua	24274	null	null
david_hsu@pancanadianenergy.com	24275	null	null
david.botchlett@enron.com	24276	null	null
bbuxa@igservice.com	24277	null	null
busterann@aol.com	24278	null	null
teri.alexander@enron.com	24279	null	null
charles.ross-stewart@wdr.com	24280	null	null
jim.reyes@enron.com	24281	null	null
dharvey@velaw.com	24282	null	null
frigap@bschool.unc.edu	24283	null	null
caroline.davies@enron.com	24284	null	null
nicole_tyrrell@nag.national.com.au	24285	null	null
enron.messaging.administration@enron.com	24286	null	null
lisa.gilchrist@enron.com	24287	null	null
michelle.d.cisneros@enron.com	24288	null	null
d..cisneros@enron.com	24288	null	null
utip@copacel.fr	24289	null	null
joe.sutton@enron.com	24290	null	null
dandj@aol.com	24291	null	null
martina.byrne@enron.com	24292	null	null
rgrow@energy.state.ca.us	24293	null	null
jjavins@enron.com	24294	null	null
d..hardeman@enron.com	24295	null	null
denise.soo@enron.com	24296	null	null
cassandra.shorter@enron.com	24297	null	null
jim.carlson@enron.com	24298	null	null
sbaird@socalgas.com	24299	null	null
jpade@nyiso.com	24300	null	null
olngsales@omanlng.co.om	24301	null	null
douglas.fox@compaq.com	24302	null	null
market.team@enron.com	24303	null	null
stuart.staley@enron.com	24304	null	null
keane@enron.com	24305	null	null
steven.vu@enron.com	24306	null	null
jeff.jones@enron.com	24307	null	null
omaha.employees@enron.com	24308	null	null
enron.legal@enron.com	24309	null	null
andrewhescock@hotmail.com	24310	null	null
charla.stuart@enron.com	24311	null	null
owner-issupport@imagestation.com	24312	null	null
owner-issupport@zbold.zing.com	24312	null	null
josabank_online.um.a.12.678@vremail.com	24313	null	null
sakhuja_rohit@gsb.stanford.edu	24314	null	null
sself@34t.rjf.com	24315	null	null
cigar-admin@nfic.com	24316	null	null
taperry@oregon.uoregon.edu	24317	null	null
osingletary@houston.rr.com	24318	null	null
grace.rodriguez@enron.com	24319	null	null
1800flowers.211386699@s2u2.com	24320	null	null
ab172@inet.com.ua	24321	null	null
peter.styles@enron.com	24322	null	null
mcalpine@gbnuk.com	24323	null	null
jim.coen@enron.com	24324	null	null
issuealerthtml@listserv.scientech.com	24325	null	null
celeste.daigle@enron.com	24326	null	null
rajneeshsalhotra@yahoo.com	24327	null	null
coors.robert@enron.com	24328	null	null
hgutier@enron.com	24329	null	null
bnixon@eei.org	24330	null	null
mcesario.wheelingpo.wheeling_domain@ormet.com	24331	null	null
mcesario@ormet.com	24331	null	null
bhatch@enron.com	24332	null	null
kenp103@aol.com	24333	null	null
nina.edmonds@enron.com	24334	null	null
s..free@enron.com	24335	null	null
all.downtown@enron.com	24336	null	null
danesmommy0702@msn.com	24337	null	null
sean.long@enron.com	24338	null	null
moriarty'.'james@enron.com	24339	null	null
israel.estrada@enron.com	24340	null	null
rosa.jaramillo@enron.com	24341	null	null
eloise.williams@enron.com	24342	null	null
wilford.dodd@enron.com	24343	null	null
carltonck@sbcglobal.net	24344	null	null
shyam.giridharadas@enron.com	24345	null	null
angiebray@earthlink.net	24346	null	null
rob.stalford@enron.com	24347	null	null
andy.edison@enron.com	24348	null	null
wolphguy@aol.com	24349	null	null
campa@lvcm.com	24350	null	null
jenniferw@stones.com	24351	null	null
reemie.arar@enron.com	24352	null	null
robert.superty@enron.com	24353	null	null
weaver.raymond@enron.com	24354	null	null
xingdenburg9521@eudoramail.com	24355	null	null
settlements.ees@enron.com	24356	null	null
v..porter@enron.com	24357	null	null
ping.zhang@enron.com	24358	null	null
jhewitt@enron.com	24359	null	null
steven.j.kean@enron.com	24360	null	null
gclement@stewart.com	24361	null	null
jim.crump@enron.com	24362	null	null
lora.sullivan@enron.com	24363	null	null
387538.91509429.2@1.americanexpress.com	24364	null	null
amainel@azurix.com	24365	null	null
michael.j.miller@enron.com	24366	null	null
sarah.berger@nyu.edu	24367	null	null
dean.sacerdote@enron.com	24368	null	null
ldb4@pge.com	24369	null	null
d15723@188.net	24370	null	null
iain.russell@enron.com	24371	null	null
stanley.farmer@enron.com	24372	null	null
brasch.marvin@enron.com	24373	null	null
mcalmes@aesc.com	24374	null	null
arquella.hargrove@enron.com	24375	null	null
wiatrek@enron.com	24376	null	null
news-response@mail.active.com	24377	null	null
spiers@enron.com	24378	null	null
deanmccrory@republicbeverage.com	24379	null	null
richard.w.smalling@uth.tmc.edu	24380	null	null
paula.warren@enron.com	24381	null	null
juniper@mediatrec.roi1.net	24382	null	null
mklay@worldnet.att.net	24383	null	null
jeff_balke@saveourrockets.com	24384	null	null
tom.mcquade@enron.com	24385	null	null
exclusive_offers@sportsline.com	24386	null	null
lblanchard@howard.edu	24387	null	null
lclemmons@elementre.com	24388	null	null
lclemmons@hotmail.com	24388	null	null
karen.street@enron.com	24389	null	null
rachel.cady@enron.com	24390	null	null
amoisan@internationalsos.com	24391	null	null
donnancy@rmi.net	24392	null	null
sstonestreet@nisource.com	24393	null	null
sstonestreet@columbiaenergygroup.com	24393	null	null
msternberg@aeglobalmarkets.com	24394	null	null
mbx_iscinfra@enron.com	24395	null	null
aldpal@aol.com	24396	null	null
aileen.pisciotta@enron.com	24397	null	null
jkrags@hotmail.com	24398	null	null
marketstatus@caiso.com	24399	null	null
fi4f@msn.com	24400	null	null
corry.bentley@enron.com	24401	null	null
appachu@internetsystemsglobal.com	24402	null	null
eresourcingmarketing@tmp.com	24403	null	null
shead@ensr.com	24404	null	null
dcarlisle84@hotmail.com	24405	null	null
6.971.f4-bmy016csspwv.1@mail3.travelocity.com	24406	null	null
llogan@eei.org	24407	null	null
cornwell@ipams.org	24408	null	null
andrea.woody@enron.com	24409	null	null
primate213@aol.com	24410	null	null
monpost3057@telkom.net	24411	null	null
gdennison@webmethods.com	24412	null	null
jeannie.beebe@ac.com	24413	null	null
lytle.todd@enron.com	24414	null	null
daniell@sportingbetusa.com	24415	null	null
pvw6kt9jw19@hotmail.com	24416	null	null
vross@nyiso.com	24417	null	null
evera@socalgas.com	24418	null	null
ifaskianos@cfr.org	24419	null	null
lgodfrey@susmangodfrey.com	24420	null	null
jim.pond@enron.com	24421	null	null
bnysno2bpomrs@hotmail.com	24422	null	null
karolina.potter@enron.com	24423	null	null
thonings@cilco.com	24424	null	null
shak@ev1.net	24425	null	null
carlos.azevedo@enron.com	24426	null	null
9167185@skytel.com	24427	null	null
derek.bailey@enron.com	24428	null	null
enron.markets@enron.com	24429	null	null
tram.le@enron.com	24430	null	null
a..robison@enron.com	24431	null	null
chcampbell@velaw.com	24432	null	null
connie.hook@enron.com	24433	null	null
xplanmail@customersupportctr.com	24434	null	null
ted.ryan@enron.com	24435	null	null
pedro_haas@mckinsey.com	24436	null	null
bruce.sukaly@cinergy.com	24437	null	null
bruce.sukaly@enron.com	24437	null	null
majed.nachawati@enron.com	24438	null	null
greg.trefz@enron.com	24439	null	null
a1611@chaiyomail.com	24440	null	null
elledag@aol.com	24441	null	null
timothy.bowler@us.pwcglobal.com	24442	null	null
angela.brown@enron.com	24443	null	null
jthompson@idahopower.com	24444	null	null
brookstone@nylyris.frymulti.com	24445	null	null
cfredrikson@earthlink.net	24446	null	null
mmjr1113@aol.com	24447	null	null
sharon.roberts@cinergy.com	24448	null	null
marketplace@lists.crosswalk.com	24449	null	null
tammy.gilmore@enron.com	24450	null	null
sk3811@hotmail.com	24451	null	null
sblauner@milbank.com	24452	null	null
kaitlynne@hotmail.com	24453	null	null
d_stayner@hadw.com	24454	null	null
annie.leung@enron.com	24455	null	null
pgboylston@stoel.com	24456	null	null
susan.mayher@elpaso.com	24457	null	null
laura.lantefield@enron.com	24458	null	null
jun.wang@enron.com	24459	null	null
lmay2@notes.enron.com	24460	null	null
lmay2@enron.com	24460	null	null
ssuttle@mcmahonlawtx.com	24461	null	null
acarpentier@pyapc.com	24462	null	null
brunok@skippingstone.com	24463	null	null
mike_carter@illinoispower.com	24464	null	null
stolfi_michael@jpmorgan.com	24465	null	null
riskwaters@lb.bcentral.com	24466	null	null
lance.hinrichs@enron.com	24467	null	null
shelly.mendel@enron.com	24468	null	null
michaelberg@icfconsulting.com	24469	null	null
patrick.bergin@entergykoch.com	24470	null	null
denise.williams@enron.com	24471	null	null
cheryl.runge@powerpool.ab.ca	24472	null	null
jean.baxter@enron.com	24473	null	null
sanjay.gupta@enron.com	24474	null	null
shern@cngc.com	24475	null	null
26101652@yahoo.com	24476	null	null
pbristow@riskwaters.com	24477	null	null
pbristow@risk.co.uk	24477	null	null
ezickson.doron@enron.com	24478	null	null
'vikas.dwivedi'@enron.com	24479	null	null
vikas.dwivedi@enron.com	24479	null	null
kimurak1@bp.com	24480	null	null
ldumdum@ase.org	24481	null	null
elizabeth.brown@enron.com	24482	null	null
bernardita.negri@enron.com	24483	null	null
ed.smith@enron.com	24484	null	null
volume_management_portland@enron.com	24485	null	null
gilbert.schutza@enron.com	24486	null	null
myersnamie@yahoo.com	24487	null	null
derek.ashing@auxsable.com	24488	null	null
jeff.coates@enron.com	24489	null	null
kyle_killian@hotmail.com	24490	null	null
pjoslyn@enmax.com	24491	null	null
shelly.mansfield@enron.com	24492	null	null
y9tdqt9u2d5@concentric.net	24493	null	null
ecues@med-02-msg.med.nu.ac.th	24494	null	null
lmudd@firstam.com	24495	null	null
angelly.mike@enron.com	24496	null	null
robert.soeldner@enron.com	24497	null	null
edm1@home.com	24498	null	null
msimmons@sig.net	24499	null	null
jmosher@ong.com	24500	null	null
half.com@uuinc2smtp1.flonetwork.com	24501	null	null
millertr@bp.com	24502	null	null
anita.martin@enron.com	24503	null	null
chudyj@winstim.com	24504	null	null
phillip.m.love@enron.com	24505	null	null
m..love@enron.com	24505	null	null
a..cordova@enron.com	24506	null	null
busgrad@colorado.edu	24507	null	null
russell.will@enron.com	24508	null	null
mhall@fcg.net	24509	null	null
mark.lian@enron.com	24510	null	null
mary.f.darveaux@dynegy.com	24511	null	null
mary.darveaux@enron.com	24511	null	null
dearl@universalclass.com	24512	null	null
sbm2@pge.com	24513	null	null
amcconn@csc.com	24514	null	null
2d615890-65373f13-86256660-73818d@enron.com	24515	null	null
sadia.haider@enron.com	24516	null	null
psacco@enron.com	24517	null	null
ggayle@synergyog.com	24518	null	null
frank.smith@enron.com	24519	null	null
f..smith@enron.com	24519	null	null
sborgman@velaw.com	24520	null	null
lindsey.enron.ene.mark@enron.com	24521	null	null
mark.e.haedicke@enron.com	24521	null	null
diane.latson@enron.com	24522	null	null
jimbpman@bigfoot.com	24523	null	null
dimitri.taylor@enron.com	24524	null	null
dwindham@uclink4.berkeley.edu	24525	null	null
l..bean@enron.com	24526	null	null
epatton@sirius.com	24527	null	null
wc6vt7vsiurmn@hotmail.com	24528	null	null
gillett'.'amy@enron.com	24529	null	null
rschlanert@electric.com	24530	null	null
todd.burke@enron.com	24531	null	null
dan.donaldson@enron.com	24532	null	null
caryln.altman@enron.com	24533	null	null
heriberto.murillo@enron.com	24534	null	null
105954@mailman.enron.com	24535	null	null
rodfremax@aol.com	24536	null	null
cgrosso@prebon.com	24537	null	null
frank.bay@enron.com	24538	null	null
cpatrick@enron.com	24539	null	null
team.mullinville-maintenance@enron.com	24540	null	null
panddplatter@earthlink.net	24541	null	null
james.prentice@enron.com	24542	null	null
denise.wilder@enron.com	24543	null	null
monica.matias@enron.com	24544	null	null
ddonlan@teksystems.com	24545	null	null
transactions@eprocessingnetwork.com	24546	null	null
david_ricks@gsdm.com	24547	null	null
martin.sacchi@enron.com	24548	null	null
420771.35861757.2@1.americanexpress.com	24549	null	null
fpuleo@milbank.com	24550	null	null
mark.suchman@bakerpetrolite.com	24551	null	null
brian.gilbreath@postx.com	24552	null	null
john.peyton@enron.com	24553	null	null
smith.rochelle@enron.com	24554	null	null
jack.speer@alcoa.com	24555	null	null
jay.ferry@enron.com	24556	null	null
gseitles@caiso.com	24557	null	null
charles.jacobini@acnenergy.com	24558	null	null
ichang@socalgas.com	24559	null	null
mina.miyakawa@enron.com	24560	null	null
pjohnson@biostat.ufl.edu	24561	null	null
jvidal@riskwaters.com	24562	null	null
stepanie.miller@enron.com	24563	null	null
kihansen@cisco.com	24564	null	null
btp9ewfcbqm@hotmail.com	24565	null	null
dcondon@enron.com	24566	null	null
nicole.laporte@enron.com	24567	null	null
jatkins@gcpud.org	24568	null	null
bjclarke@nortelnetworks.com	24569	null	null
hduncan@caem.org	24570	null	null
fgreenberg@epsa.org	24571	null	null
egillaspie@coral-energy.com	24572	null	null
cphillips@houston.rr.com	24573	null	null
tonyp@elitebrokers.net	24574	null	null
jan.cooley@enron.com	24575	null	null
dslsports@earthlink.net	24576	null	null
clightfield@velaw.com	24577	null	null
nshaw@usenergyservices.com	24578	null	null
ola_tompkins@eogresources.com	24579	null	null
linda.bryan@enron.com	24580	null	null
sunshin@trib.com	24581	null	null
gdausman@hotmail.com	24582	null	null
tom.callaghan@enron.com	24583	null	null
pgarner@ufl.edu	24584	null	null
edwin.essandoh@enron.com	24585	null	null
koonce.sandi@enron.com	24586	null	null
afac@tozzini.com.br	24587	null	null
afac@tfts.tozzini.com.br	24587	null	null
ken.roman@verizon.net	24588	null	null
silio.aparicio@enron.com	24589	null	null
matthew.fleming@enron.com	24590	null	null
bfrancesconi@mcmichael.com	24591	null	null
stormtrooper@fireman.net	24592	null	null
claudia.clark@enron.com	24593	null	null
team.sublette@enron.com	24594	null	null
file@kmv.com	24595	null	null
jason.harding@enron.com	24596	null	null
wiggins.rod@enron.com	24597	null	null
stsweet@calpx.com	24598	null	null
sssbutilteam@imceu.sbi.com	24599	null	null
jim.malone@enron.com	24600	null	null
darvin.kaderka@alcoa.com	24601	null	null
snoringremedy@excite.com	24602	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5720548-5697314-j5klavpr@tumble2.datek.com	24603	null	null
diana.porter@enron.com	24604	null	null
molly.johnson@enron.com	24605	null	null
chicagosailers@msn.com	24606	null	null
suzanne.lane@enron.com	24607	null	null
brooker.tom@enron.com	24608	null	null
uryasev@aol.com	24609	null	null
mbainfo@6figurejobs.com	24610	null	null
camilla.bydal@enron.com	24611	null	null
sherry.dawson@enron.com	24612	null	null
sylgcc@telusplanet.net	24613	null	null
dclolin@nicorinc.com	24614	null	null
christopher.behney@enron.com	24615	null	null
bgould@att.com	24616	null	null
olson.gordon@enron.com	24617	null	null
david.a.foti@accenture.com	24618	null	null
diane.goode@enron.com	24619	null	null
mvaughan@forrester.com	24620	null	null
clickathome.two@enron.com	24621	null	null
clb1@valmont.com	24622	null	null
rtn-1-1-728787-2lsgqqby4dykm8dg-842@mta04.optamail.com	24623	null	null
r-3-728402-1640008-2-359-us2-982d4478@xmr3.com	24624	null	null
mhaedic@enron.com	24625	null	null
mhaedic@ect.enron.com	24625	null	null
bbirdsall@aspeneg.com	24626	null	null
securepack@excite.com	24627	null	null
carolhuston@yahoo.com	24628	null	null
patricia.payton@enron.com	24629	null	null
bfraser@reliant.com	24630	null	null
pmaxwell@constellationmgt.com	24631	null	null
gharvey@gibbs-bruns.com	24632	null	null
faretrckr@customermail.expedia.com	24633	null	null
sailmail@cunard.com	24634	null	null
laudia".'"robinson@enron.com	24635	null	null
danielh@nepco.com	24636	null	null
jelyons@alumni.rice.edu	24637	null	null
crminvestment@mailvault.com	24638	null	null
market_participant_cd2@calpx.com	24639	null	null
tricia.despain@enron.com	24640	null	null
jay.wong@enron.com	24641	null	null
pete.van@enron.com	24642	null	null
barbara.sargent@enron.com	24643	null	null
ppmsvcen@microsoft.com	24644	null	null
erica.bess@enron.com	24645	null	null
kiwicasino@sweepsclub.com	24646	null	null
ragan.bond@enron.com	24647	null	null
networkcommerce-rcar20020118@ombramarketing.com	24648	null	null
anjali.abraham@enron.com	24649	null	null
d.epperson@mail.utexas.edu	24650	null	null
tom.halliburton@enron.com	24651	null	null
thaywood@ftenergy.com	24652	null	null
andrea.bennett@enron.com	24653	null	null
nfl.228270@nfl.ed10.net	24654	null	null
peter_chen@eott.com	24655	null	null
peter.chen@enron.com	24655	null	null
kaminski.vincent@enron.com	24656	null	null
chapramsey@yahoo.com	24657	null	null
chairman.ews@enron.com	24658	null	null
mdy@slater-consulting.com	24659	null	null
pnm.chuck@enron.com	24660	null	null
yolanda.roberts@enron.com	24661	null	null
numbers@numbersintoknowledge.com	24662	null	null
terri.harlan@enron.com	24663	null	null
john.badami@enron.com	24664	null	null
donna.fulton@enron.com	24665	null	null
westbro@rice.edu	24666	null	null
gcoy@milbank.com	24667	null	null
gdarrah@bigfoot.com	24668	null	null
duncan.ed@enron.com	24669	null	null
karen.cordova@enron.com	24670	null	null
yes@confirm.postmasterdirect.com	24671	null	null
yes@c.postmasterdirect.com	24671	null	null
carrie.sheridan@conectiv.com	24672	null	null
snoremd@opt08.naviantnetwork.net	24673	null	null
sspeaker@energyintel.com	24674	null	null
esorenson@cqg.com	24675	null	null
ttg@listserver.eei.org	24676	null	null
sbt@krm.com	24677	null	null
thea.marino@enron.com	24678	null	null
sara_e_updegrove@reliantenergy.com	24679	null	null
jsimon@epsa.org	24680	null	null
bill.peterson@enron.com	24681	null	null
marchris.robinson@enron.com	24682	null	null
01@ftenergy.com	24683	null	null
arussell@newenergy.com	24684	null	null
mlbray@aol.com	24685	null	null
lowratez_929@netian.com	24686	null	null
j_perches@yahoo.com	24687	null	null
lrivera@endesa.es	24688	null	null
kathi.morrissey@compaq.com	24689	null	null
morrissey@enron.com	24689	null	null
sophiedavenport@hotmail.com	24690	null	null
8774892073@pagenetmessage.net	24691	null	null
factset@processrequest.com	24692	null	null
marcy.warming@enron.com	24693	null	null
jmertz@caiso.com	24694	null	null
todd.peterson@enron.com	24695	null	null
lwalter@wolfblock.com	24696	null	null
gac@mrwassoc.com	24697	null	null
marketing_and_product_development@calpx.com	24698	null	null
mhurt@wt.net	24699	null	null
42.9208.a6-9zw4_ctpe5mrcmqu59rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	24700	null	null
7053@hotmail.com	24701	null	null
jjicha@nicor.com	24702	null	null
expediafaretracker_029318@expedia.customer-email.com	24703	null	null
gbfreeland@nyseg.com	24704	null	null
doug.paterson@enron.com	24705	null	null
mike.boyd@enron.com	24706	null	null
cathy.corbin@enron.com	24707	null	null
curt_brechtel@apsc.com	24708	null	null
jbhatty@enron.com	24709	null	null
james.lawrence@enron.com	24710	null	null
jdadams71@aol.com	24711	null	null
robert.shiring@enron.com	24712	null	null
szimmerman@utilicorp.com	24713	null	null
renee.anderson@enron.com	24714	null	null
barb.vanbeyrer@sycamorenet.com	24715	null	null
owner-red_index_private_sector@caem.org	24716	null	null
red_index_private_sector@caem.org	24716	null	null
cschwartz_vitoltv@yahoo.com	24717	null	null
pegspak@flash.net	24718	null	null
lojohnson@mge.com	24719	null	null
marcelo.a.romano@intel.com	24720	null	null
jhormo@ladwp.com	24721	null	null
mike.dahlke@enron.com	24722	null	null
enw.office.of.the.chairman@enron.com	24723	null	null
biff.brannon@enron.com	24724	null	null
dstern@ftenergy.com	24725	null	null
readg1@aol.com	24726	null	null
hjghjgjh@yahoo.com	24727	null	null
ena.supervisors2@enron.com	24728	null	null
e..molland@enron.com	24729	null	null
vanessa.groscand@enron.com	24730	null	null
aster".'"lng/c@enron.com	24731	null	null
lng@haas.berkeley.edu	24731	null	null
artemio.muniz@enron.com	24732	null	null
bxqnbvsvxbny@hotmail.com	24733	null	null
mad399@yahoo.com	24734	null	null
supertime@neo2.neotraffix.com	24735	null	null
supertime@ever2.beontarget.com	24735	null	null
phildavies@aec.ca	24736	null	null
theo@hsresources.com	24737	null	null
txbarnesj@aol.com	24738	null	null
jwillia2@exit3.com	24739	null	null
carlyle@bu.edu	24740	null	null
carlyle@uism.bu.edu	24740	null	null
5941@aol.com	24741	null	null
dadnick@mediaone.net	24742	null	null
rhowe@availant.com	24743	null	null
dlove8847@aol.com	24744	null	null
pwilson@syratech.com	24745	null	null
travieso74@hotmail.com	24746	null	null
jwilson1@san.rr.com	24747	null	null
orbitz@email.orbitz.com	24748	null	null
cegann@dow.com	24749	null	null
bjbjturner1@aol.com	24750	null	null
bothwell@enron.com	24751	null	null
angela.dorsey@bus.utexas.edu	24752	null	null
peervkuqyoy3h@hotmail.com	24753	null	null
bhennessey@ssfrancis.org	24754	null	null
tfolse@lsu.edu	24755	null	null
marsha.dorris@enron.com	24756	null	null
shelli.smith@enron.com	24757	null	null
newsreel@hollywoodvideo.4at1.com	24758	null	null
brian.savino@williams.com	24759	null	null
email-news@amazon.com	24760	null	null
robert.k.rodriguez@db.com	24761	null	null
r27009@mail.gr	24762	null	null
lindsay.meade@enron.com	24763	null	null
morel@haas.berkeley.edu	24764	null	null
lavoie@midrivers.com	24765	null	null
edwin.ordonez@us.cibc.com	24766	null	null
davidd@natgas.com	24767	null	null
tkill22@yahoo.com	24768	null	null
aadedeji@risk.co.uk	24769	null	null
carbo.christine@enron.com	24770	null	null
pmkuykendall@sbcglobal.net	24771	null	null
pmkuykendall@sbcglbal.net	24771	null	null
cestrada@ksbj.org	24772	null	null
jstafford@patinaoil.com	24773	null	null
ejmcfarland@yahoo.com	24774	null	null
debra.weir@enron.com	24775	null	null
gjame@msdw.com	24776	null	null
leo.paige@enron.com	24777	null	null
christine.farell@enron.com	24778	null	null
jody.warner@enron.com	24779	null	null
jeff.andrews@enron.com	24780	null	null
hussey101@eudoramail.com	24781	null	null
bhunsucker@ercot.com	24782	null	null
shimira.jackson@enron.com	24783	null	null
maggie.schroeder@enron.com	24784	null	null
jcarroll@littler.com	24785	null	null
dmummery@milbank.com	24786	null	null
smiller@drrhr.com	24787	null	null
smiller@drhrlaw.com	24787	null	null
smiller@bracepatt.com	24787	null	null
mgodbole@sapient.com	24788	null	null
phyllis.fuller@enron.com	24789	null	null
mary.bourne@showtime.net	24790	null	null
pran.mehra@band-x.com	24791	null	null
robert.walker@enron.com	24792	null	null
nesamembers@nesanet.org	24793	null	null
gbenson@mwe.com	24794	null	null
102722.350@compuserve.com	24795	null	null
chris.h.foster@enron.com	24796	null	null
h..foster@enron.com	24796	null	null
rob.kean@worldnet.att.net	24797	null	null
bollles@aol.com	24798	null	null
aiessi@poseidon1.com	24799	null	null
james.gremillion@enron.com	24800	null	null
bmnw@airmail.net	24801	null	null
andrew.bicknell@clyde.co.uk	24802	null	null
demonica.lipscomb@enron.com	24803	null	null
sarahaway@hotmail.com	24804	null	null
mailing.dl-ga-all_special@enron.com	24805	null	null
richiev@review.com	24806	null	null
101qi@msn.com	24807	null	null
fychen@prime-art.com	24808	null	null
bjones5@txu.com	24809	null	null
roxie@us1.net	24810	null	null
jim.agah@saccapital.com	24811	null	null
sswanson@thewoodlands.com	24812	null	null
amosley.houpo.houston@westerngas.com	24813	null	null
jcole@caiso.com	24814	null	null
ena.nominations@enron.com	24815	null	null
kyle.schultz@enron.com	24816	null	null
greg.cade@enron.com	24817	null	null
jack.roth@apbenergy.com	24818	null	null
vivld@yahoo.com	24819	null	null
bruce.lundstrom@enron.com	24820	null	null
pjm-west-rc@pjm.com	24821	null	null
kathleent@parkwayinvestments.com	24822	null	null
jaroberts@duke-energy.com	24823	null	null
adam_metter@sfmny.com	24824	null	null
nathan.k.boan@ca.pwcglobal.com	24825	null	null
realtime-tms@bpasite1.bpa.gov	24826	null	null
sandi_drysdale@i2.com	24827	null	null
insynconline.6wy5crbj.d@insync-palm.com	24828	null	null
alabama@minx.co.uk	24829	null	null
lingar98@hotmail.com	24830	null	null
bbanks1@nicor.com	24831	null	null
officeofthechairman@nymex.com	24832	null	null
kcameron@yahoo-inc.com	24833	null	null
tracy_brewer@kindermorgan.com	24834	null	null
dreineke@aol.com	24835	null	null
pmartin@azahner.com	24836	null	null
darciteo@aol.com	24837	null	null
cam_reed@i2.com	24838	null	null
margaretkahn@paulhastings.com	24839	null	null
sharonc@cook-inlet.com	24840	null	null
txgustafson@enron.com	24841	null	null
chris.figueroa@enron.com	24842	null	null
thetherinton@bracepatt.com	24843	null	null
resumeautoacknowledge@adp1.cbdr.com	24844	null	null
emmye@dracospring.com	24845	null	null
jlieskov@mit.edu	24846	null	null
genedetect@optinglobal.com	24847	null	null
magdelena.cruz@enron.com	24848	null	null
rusamarts@aol.com	24849	null	null
david.mooney@bankofamerica.com	24850	null	null
rodc@insource.com	24851	null	null
rodc@canion.com	24851	null	null
egillaspies@coral-energy.com	24852	null	null
jody.underwood@enron.com	24853	null	null
lisa.valley@enron.com	24854	null	null
lisa.valley@dynegy.com	24854	null	null
tah@cpuc.ca.gov	24855	null	null
jeffrey.hammad@enron.com	24856	null	null
lea.sooter@enron.com	24857	null	null
troy.black@enron.com	24858	null	null
tneuman@williams.com	24859	null	null
hbest7@aol.com	24860	null	null
343010.18905264.2@lists.economist.com	24861	null	null
hyatt.jeff@enron.com	24862	null	null
bluechipbrands2@m-ul.com	24863	null	null
redwings@minot.com	24864	null	null
craiggannett@dwt.com	24865	null	null
karmstrong6@hotmail.com	24866	null	null
jane_ratchye@city.palo-alto.ca.us	24867	null	null
jld5@psu.edu	24868	null	null
mamuska@san.rr.com	24869	null	null
dagodfrey@amherst.edu	24870	null	null
risko_kj@willis.com	24871	null	null
cguardino@svmg.org	24872	null	null
schwertner.brandon@enron.com	24873	null	null
jimdelani@aol.com	24874	null	null
lmacieje@tosco.com	24875	null	null
gillett.christina@enron.com	24876	null	null
john.ex@enron.com	24877	null	null
marcia.manarin@enron.com	24878	null	null
_manarin@hotmail.com	24878	null	null
0312@cs.com	24879	null	null
who@velaw.com	24880	null	null
laked@pjm.com	24881	null	null
cstamm@sekani.com	24882	null	null
bruce.bowden@enron.com	24883	null	null
bruce.bowden@williams.com	24883	null	null
charlie.hoang@enron.com	24884	null	null
res0fkkz@verizon.net	24885	null	null
vecchione@enron.com	24886	null	null
kimb@monm.edu	24887	null	null
kimb@nbcham.org	24887	null	null
backroads.travel.update@mailman.enron.com	24888	null	null
sean.doherty@ey.com	24889	null	null
familyplanning_text.um.a.1.3823@lists.smartmoney.com	24890	null	null
jewel29639@aol.com	24891	null	null
j..ewing@enron.com	24892	null	null
paul.devries@enron.com	24893	null	null
tim.despain@enron.com	24894	null	null
gmprescott@aep.com	24895	null	null
aalmgren@capstoneturbine.com	24896	null	null
cheryl.white@enron.com	24897	null	null
mgmtwilliams@aol.com	24898	null	null
rcboccaccio@earthlink.net	24899	null	null
william.nealy@enron.com	24900	null	null
tom.bres@gs.com	24901	null	null
ameritrade_034489@ameritrade.customer-email.com	24902	null	null
orshefskyd@gtlaw.com	24903	null	null
bob.meighan@info.turbotax.com	24904	null	null
bob_meighan@info.turbotax.com	24904	null	null
dukais@aol.com	24905	null	null
rogeramjt@aol.com	24906	null	null
aaa7info@polisen.nu	24907	null	null
judithmartin@enron.com	24908	null	null
nytdirect@nytimes.com	24909	null	null
rosales'.'glenda@enron.com	24910	null	null
abaskins@llgm.com	24911	null	null
novellnetware@bdcimail.com	24912	null	null
kay.chapman@enron.com	24913	null	null
diane_hoyuela@foleys.com	24914	null	null
chuck.vice@intcx.com	24915	null	null
eric.merten@enron.com	24916	null	null
rpotts@lcra.org	24917	null	null
jehalonen@hotmail.com	24918	null	null
msngamingzone_026751@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	24919	null	null
rtellis@milbank.com	24920	null	null
lauren.iannarone@enron.com	24921	null	null
mtaylor@ect.enron.com	24922	null	null
tysongs@aol.com	24923	null	null
universityofphoenix@smartreminders.com	24924	null	null
cschnur@kslaw.com	24925	null	null
amy.cavazos@enron.com	24926	null	null
carlew@flash.net	24927	null	null
timnewman@qilliams.com	24928	null	null
rwparks@simplot.com	24929	null	null
42.9245.8a-3ybd_x4ka35a0jeuarrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	24930	null	null
jalamo@enron.com	24931	null	null
cathy.pittenger@enron.com	24932	null	null
tomasine.mayes@enron.com	24933	null	null
megan.parker@enron.com	24934	null	null
ngcon@tonto.eia.doe.gov	24935	null	null
outages@industrialinfo.com	24936	null	null
aet5@pge.com	24937	null	null
jim.marzonie@enron.com	24938	null	null
adan.garcia@enron.com	24939	null	null
amadaricafort@hotmail.com	24940	null	null
k3960@schwarb.com	24941	null	null
betafeedback@mail.djip.com	24942	null	null
sras@lycosmail.com	24943	null	null
rubine@flash.net	24944	null	null
amanullah.aman@enron.com	24945	null	null
corporate.payroll@enron.com	24946	null	null
maggievs@whamministries.org	24947	null	null
clyde.roque@enron.com	24948	null	null
bwebb@shb.com	24949	null	null
flumiani1@aol.com	24950	null	null
kenny_maltby@eott.com	24951	null	null
kenny.maltby@enron.com	24951	null	null
kenny.maltby@eott.com	24951	null	null
christine.d.sinn@xcelenergy.com	24952	null	null
pruett@enron.com	24953	null	null
angeline.stewart@enron.com	24954	null	null
1.3262.cb-rhfp1yfr-7gf.1@mailer.realage.com	24955	null	null
vicky.martinez@enron.com	24956	null	null
vthomas@iirltd.co.uk	24957	null	null
sally.golden@enron.com	24958	null	null
bill.donovan@enron.com	24959	null	null
ltownsend@lglawfirm.com	24960	null	null
leegd5@home.com	24961	null	null
john_tweed@kindermorgan.com	24962	null	null
rvhamman@aep.com	24963	null	null
mailadmin@orrick.com	24964	null	null
mailadmin@independent.org	24964	null	null
barry.goode@gov.ca.gov	24965	null	null
gerald.adams@enron.com	24966	null	null
matthew.gockerman@enron.com	24967	null	null
legal.temp.1@enron.com	24968	null	null
legal.1@enron.com	24968	null	null
frank.de@enron.com	24969	null	null
christina.valdez@enron.com	24970	null	null
roger.clayton@neg.pge.com	24971	null	null
roger.clayton@gen.pge.com	24971	null	null
ana.alcantara@enron.com	24972	null	null
csandherr@enron.com	24973	null	null
alicia.villarreal@enron.com	24974	null	null
holobyte@hotmail.com	24975	null	null
lgiroir@exchange.ml.com	24976	null	null
geoff.pollard@enron.com	24977	null	null
mjoyce@enron.com	24978	null	null
mjoyce@reliant.com	24978	null	null
joni.moeller@enron.com	24979	null	null
ali.khoja@enron.com	24980	null	null
jade.corp@home.com	24981	null	null
carnut001@aol.com	24982	null	null
horst@haas.berkeley.edu	24983	null	null
d.brett.hunsucker@enron.com	24984	null	null
trvlright@customermail.expedia.com	24985	null	null
helen.rizzo@enron.com	24986	null	null
cherylene.westbrook@enron.com	24987	null	null
prescheduling.dl-portland@enron.com	24988	null	null
dennis.bowman@us.abb.com	24989	null	null
justin.arcadipane@cendantmobility.com	24990	null	null
heather.kroll@enron.com	24991	null	null
midday18@alerts.equityalert.com	24992	null	null
dweakley@csc.com	24993	null	null
vivek.kumar@enron.com	24994	null	null
mike.rogala@enron.com	24995	null	null
billyoung3@aol.com	24996	null	null
cerria@enron.com	24997	null	null
chris.manickam@enron.com	24998	null	null
jorg@gromco.com	24999	null	null
amin.maredia@enron.com	25000	null	null
molly.carriere@enron.com	25001	null	null
05vusers_nov_12_2001@enron.com	25002	null	null
procarib@caribe.net	25003	null	null
ecaperton@mindspring.com	25004	null	null
platts1@ftenergy.com	25005	null	null
sheila.nacey@enron.com	25006	null	null
vwolf@swlaw.com	25007	null	null
mark.thorne@enron.com	25008	null	null
michael'.'newman@enron.com	25009	null	null
jay.burgess@enron.com	25010	null	null
alfred.gilman@email.swmed.edu	25011	null	null
lnswanson@aol.com	25012	null	null
r@mailman.enron.com	25013	null	null
prc_pep.mailout@enron.com	25014	null	null
patricia.steele@enron.com	25015	null	null
jerrybowyer@attbi.com	25016	null	null
jerrybowyer@home.com	25016	null	null
michael.deluke@us.pwcglobal.com	25017	null	null
ksmith@tnsk.com	25018	null	null
ksmith@stcl.edu	25018	null	null
danny.olive@joemyersforddirect.com	25019	null	null
olive@aui.fr	25019	null	null
david.baumbach@enron.com	25020	null	null
gmckenzie@morganlewis.com	25021	null	null
oatu@dynegy.com	25022	null	null
warren.nishimura@blakes.com	25023	null	null
james.cresswell@enron.com	25024	null	null
ken.powers@enron.com	25025	null	null
billy.dorsey@enron.com	25026	null	null
delaneyj@winstim.com	25027	null	null
kbridge23@aol.com	25028	null	null
ray.stelly@enron.com	25029	null	null
esther.celedon-renovato@enron.com	25030	null	null
lisa.grow@enron.com	25031	null	null
'grow@enron.com	25031	null	null
aberzins@rwbeck.com	25032	null	null
adair6@prodigy.net	25033	null	null
jcaskey@scana.com	25034	null	null
dawndi@uswest.net	25035	null	null
george.frumkin@enron.com	25036	null	null
bradley.barta@swec.com	25037	null	null
julie.meyers@enron.com	25038	null	null
johnf@cha.org	25039	null	null
deepak.murthy@eng.sun.com	25040	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.105938@joinmail.ccbn.com	25041	null	null
rubesblack@yahoo.com	25042	null	null
enl-dailyupdate-txt@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	25043	null	null
stuart.zisman@enron.com	25044	null	null
linda.vargo@enron.com	25045	null	null
sue.ewing@enron.com	25046	null	null
robberbaronusa@yahoo.com	25047	null	null
lepps2@bp.com	25048	null	null
amadariaga@bankinter.es	25049	null	null
mark.fisher@enron.com	25050	null	null
brooker72@aol.com	25051	null	null
brettshoulders@hotmail.com	25052	null	null
manuel.martinez@enron.com	25053	null	null
carson.jan@enron.com	25054	null	null
geiland@velaw.com	25055	null	null
jsilvas@socalgas.com	25056	null	null
eubusinessweek@eubusiness.com	25057	null	null
eheuss@texas.net	25058	null	null
sendo@ci.pasadena.ca.us	25059	null	null
clare.broun@enron.com	25060	null	null
doug.thomas@bellcold.com	25061	null	null
sewilson@calpx.com	25062	null	null
production@gatepoint.net	25063	null	null
dcrofts@hotmail.com	25064	null	null
mauricio.marquez@enron.com	25065	null	null
kathy.shaps@enron.com	25066	null	null
cathy.moehlman@enron.com	25067	null	null
jjuggins@enron.co.uk	25068	null	null
ss4@skpstnhouston.com	25069	null	null
chad.tipton@enron.com	25070	null	null
althea.gordon@enron.com	25071	null	null
randy.matson@enron.com	25072	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.91075@joinmail.ccbn.com	25073	null	null
dsuter@sempratrading.com	25074	null	null
lorna.brennan@enron.com	25075	null	null
mlcarriere@aep.com	25076	null	null
david.king@enron.com	25077	null	null
popedb@texaco.com	25078	null	null
christine.carter@enron.com	25079	null	null
laura.pena@enron.com	25080	null	null
approval.eol.gas.traders@enron.com	25081	null	null
arlene.jorgensen@nrgenergy.com	25082	null	null
jenikadoctor@hotmail.com	25083	null	null
joni.veselack@neg.pge.com	25084	null	null
joni.veselack@gen.pge.com	25084	null	null
erik.espeset@enron.com	25085	null	null
greg.hibbert@enron.com	25086	null	null
bill.gathmann@enron.com	25087	null	null
rybrown@kmg.com	25088	null	null
faye.ellis@enron.com	25089	null	null
raindance.um.a.21.2208@em10.net	25090	null	null
jan.king@enron.com	25091	null	null
thomas.piazze@wharton.upenn.edu	25092	null	null
boughton@maui.net	25093	null	null
j4in@msn.com	25094	null	null
steve14t@yahoo.com	25095	null	null
moconnell@stoel.com	25096	null	null
kbuck@entergy.com	25097	null	null
pager.linda@enron.com	25098	null	null
jschilke@ix.netcom.com	25099	null	null
stager@erols.com	25100	null	null
koppa'.'chris@enron.com	25101	null	null
tsmith@tristategt.org	25102	null	null
rsoeldner@nyiso.com	25103	null	null
ryan.watt@enron.com	25104	null	null
gloria.ogenyi@enron.com	25105	null	null
kusmag@jea.com	25106	null	null
'12300'@enron.com	25107	null	null
traylor@enron.com	25108	null	null
w..eubanks@enron.com	25109	null	null
p.dalgaard@biostat.ku.dk	25110	null	null
erika.vaughan@enron.com	25111	null	null
barbara.russo@db.com	25112	null	null
karen.lagerstrom@enron.com	25113	null	null
alison.henry@enron.com	25114	null	null
nmspots@aol.com	25115	null	null
403095.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	25116	null	null
w.david.duran@enron.com	25117	null	null
w.duran@enron.com	25117	null	null
army710@msn.com	25118	null	null
r-8-728387-3559515-2-6560-us2-5236e5b1@xmr3.com	25119	null	null
jacquestc@aol.com	25120	null	null
teresa.callahan@enron.com	25121	null	null
karen.politsky@enron.com	25122	null	null
maanbr@hotmail.com	25123	null	null
patcuero@dotplanet.com	25124	null	null
rrqgasoiicoreteam@pge.com	25125	null	null
ajenkins@lanlaw.com	25126	null	null
eshube@velaw.com	25127	null	null
jessica.nunez@enron.com	25128	null	null
jimmy.chandler@enron.com	25129	null	null
mgordonjones@earthlink.net	25130	null	null
michael.corbally@enron.com	25131	null	null
elizabeth.guffy@bakerbotts.com	25132	null	null
ken.e.randolph@dynegy.com	25133	null	null
powell.lisa@enron.com	25134	null	null
carol.jetton@enron.com	25135	null	null
platt@scenictexas.org	25136	null	null
akinpa@email.msn.com	25137	null	null
cubs@colorado.edu	25138	null	null
king.susan@enron.com	25139	null	null
randy.l.sauvain@usa.conoco.com	25140	null	null
tech.notices@enron.com	25141	null	null
jnnc@chevrontexaco.com	25142	null	null
jnnc@chevron.com	25142	null	null
brea@n2life.com	25143	null	null
awe@caiso.com	25144	null	null
business_sub_newsletter@hoovers.ymc1.net	25145	null	null
gas.group@enron.com	25146	null	null
sheila.tweed.ect@enron.com	25147	null	null
kwangenheim@houston.rr.com	25148	null	null
ecthou-domweb1@enron.com	25149	null	null
gei99@youremail.co.uk	25150	null	null
jeffrey.jackson@enron.com	25151	null	null
jeffrey.jackson@nextel.com	25151	null	null
sldaniel@aep.com	25152	null	null
david.campbell@enron.com	25153	null	null
jerryl@abag.ca.gov	25154	null	null
tsalemme@industrialinfo.com	25155	null	null
lynette.powell@enron.com	25156	null	null
mpakulski@bjservices.com	25157	null	null
nsights@cera.com	25158	null	null
cwhitcomb@worldnet.att.net	25159	null	null
pricey30@home.com	25160	null	null
thomas.kalb@enron.com	25161	null	null
malmuth@aol.com	25162	null	null
reginald.sewell@enron.com	25163	null	null
cynthia.sandherr@enron.com	25164	null	null
clcs@email.msn.com	25165	null	null
ebsurvey@schwab.com	25166	null	null
dheard@austin.rr.com	25167	null	null
em418@hotmail.com	25168	null	null
michael.schuh@enron.com	25169	null	null
wys@blakes.com	25170	null	null
hoytm@hughesluce.com	25171	null	null
enronsato@hotmail.com	25172	null	null
gloria.solis@enron.com	25173	null	null
howardmj@2mawbft.usmc.mil	25174	null	null
cwarre1@entergy.com	25175	null	null
tbit20011120@ombramarketing.com	25176	null	null
mac.bain@prodigy.net	25177	null	null
noblek@hmc.harvard.edu	25178	null	null
chfc@enron.com	25179	null	null
assistants.dl-enw@enron.com	25180	null	null
shmuel@euler.berkeley.edu	25181	null	null
lchaval@yahoo.com	25182	null	null
jagah1@bloomberg.net	25183	null	null
gresham.brebach@seurat.com	25184	null	null
mfharmo@ppco.com	25185	null	null
baldick@ece.utexas.edu	25186	null	null
consumer.goods@enron.com	25187	null	null
roemerd@varsitychrysler.com	25188	null	null
lance.cunningham@enron.com	25189	null	null
november2001@lists.winebid.com	25190	null	null
bill.hare@enron.com	25191	null	null
confirmit@enron.com	25192	null	null
teunisse@haas.berkeley.edu	25193	null	null
jerry.moore@enron.com	25194	null	null
eileen.ogrady@dowjones.com	25195	null	null
richard.dziura@superiorelectric.com	25196	null	null
whogan@greerherz.com	25197	null	null
trentdhs@pacbell.net	25198	null	null
harmanlaw@msn.com	25199	null	null
jaguilar@nemak.com	25200	null	null
smccabe@mccabeandcompany.net	25201	null	null
shawn.franks@enron.com	25202	null	null
donnis.traylor@enron.com	25203	null	null
allison.easton@enron.com	25204	null	null
jmrtexas@swbell.net	25205	null	null
usameeting@weforum.org	25206	null	null
bob.stormont@cornproducts.com	25207	null	null
mechelle.stevens@enron.com	25208	null	null
martin.amanda@enron.com	25209	null	null
amanda.martin@enron.com	25209	null	null
simon.hemsley@enron.com	25210	null	null
froebam@moodys.com	25211	null	null
bill.windle@enron.com	25212	null	null
thirumalesh_a@hotmail.com	25213	null	null
rhhp1un9rbqkq@hotmail.com	25214	null	null
all.states@enron.com	25215	null	null
gnan@yahoo.com	25216	null	null
fulfillmentctr@west.zomax.com	25217	null	null
punit.rawal@enron.com	25218	null	null
greek.rice@enron.com	25219	null	null
aschifrin@kslaw.com	25220	null	null
peveryone@internationalsos.com	25221	null	null
ram.subramanian@enron.com	25222	null	null
ram@cpuc.ca.gov	25222	null	null
baylortomlin@enron.com	25223	null	null
hal.haltom@ankllp.com	25224	null	null
annasymes@yahoo.com	25225	null	null
mary.berg@enron.com	25226	null	null
yshaham@central.uh.edu	25227	null	null
etaylor@giveblood.org	25228	null	null
etaylor@jvscinti.org	25228	null	null
seminars@queue.ieor.berkeley.edu	25229	null	null
ashvin_chhabra@ml.com	25230	null	null
usregcomm@isda.org	25231	null	null
networkcommerce-rcfh20011213@ombramarketing.com	25232	null	null
llynch@pcrm.org	25233	null	null
kybarbo@aol.com	25234	null	null
kristen.merritt@enron.com	25235	null	null
greg.sharp@enron.com	25236	null	null
thom@raresteeds.com	25237	null	null
thom@entelchile.net	25237	null	null
judy.smith@enron.com	25238	null	null
jaime.vela@enron.com	25239	null	null
expediatraveldeals_029446@expedia.customer-email.com	25240	null	null
blt12139@aol.com	25241	null	null
c_wrede@yahoo.com	25242	null	null
fogdog@clickaction.net	25243	null	null
jennifer.velasco@enron.com	25244	null	null
med@dyalroberts.com	25245	null	null
roger.larson@enron.com	25246	null	null
nguym@bracepatt.com	25247	null	null
rcolyar@sct.co.santa-clara.ca.us	25248	null	null
jhambidge@northpoint.net	25249	null	null
tmcmorrow@manatt.com	25250	null	null
acolangelo@ur.com	25251	null	null
mkeyser@enron.com	25252	null	null
rjdomer@aol.com	25253	null	null
janie.aguayo@enron.com	25254	null	null
kcoppolino@mobilestar.com	25255	null	null
rlevin@nymex.com	25256	null	null
paul.jordan@enron.com	25257	null	null
ryan.t.mcclung@us.arthurandersen.com	25258	null	null
lilly_osu@provalue.net	25259	null	null
chris_porter@dell.com	25260	null	null
mha@amharchitects.com	25261	null	null
brad.nebergall@enron.com	25262	null	null
sanjeev.karhanis@ubsw.com	25263	null	null
yoshitaka_akamatsu@btm.co.jp	25264	null	null
traviswc@aol.com	25265	null	null
jstcyr@fimat.com	25266	null	null
janicebeal@msn.com	25267	null	null
paula.lee@enron.com	25268	null	null
pgriffin@site59.com	25269	null	null
ktrue@centruytel.net	25270	null	null
h..vu@enron.com	25271	null	null
eileen.davis@risk.sungard.com	25272	null	null
oscar.dalton@enron.com	25273	null	null
prokop.brian@enron.com	25274	null	null
tom.roth@neg.pge.com	25275	null	null
heather.alon@enron.com	25276	null	null
rransome@esource.com	25277	null	null
jcchilders@hotmail.com	25278	null	null
drewk@merchantenergy.com	25279	null	null
elaina5@hotmail.com	25280	null	null
edel_laura_morato@fpl.com	25281	null	null
rpitts@reliant.com	25282	null	null
donald_mallory@platts.com	25283	null	null
ew_benefits@enron.com	25284	null	null
priest@yazoopsc.org	25285	null	null
scs@rice.edu	25286	null	null
ns1bo14@inmail.sk	25287	null	null
lizstock@customized.ab.ca	25288	null	null
leesa.white@enron.com	25289	null	null
rcarlson@ch2m.com	25290	null	null
vacationspecials@gromit.alaskaair.com	25291	null	null
todd.decook@enron.com	25292	null	null
pj@austingrp.com	25293	null	null
concept@pacbell.net	25294	null	null
legal.2@enron.com	25295	null	null
zone34@mailman.enron.com	25296	null	null
stan.gray@enron.com	25297	null	null
tom.rainbow@enron.com	25298	null	null
jennifer.plunkett@enron.com	25299	null	null
suzanne.gruber@enron.com	25300	null	null
lisab@int.iwhm.com	25301	null	null
phil.redman@enron.com	25302	null	null
glove@nicor.com	25303	null	null
brianday@aec.ca	25304	null	null
earriola@cfe.gob.mx	25305	null	null
jrust@epelectric.com	25306	null	null
bob.hillier@enron.com	25307	null	null
rl222@aol.com	25308	null	null
karenlemes@earthlink.net	25309	null	null
kavi1@hotmail.com	25310	null	null
valerie.ramsower@enron.com	25311	null	null
cmccomb@austin-mccomb.com	25312	null	null
iacfw@msn.com	25313	null	null
thane.twiggs@enron.com	25314	null	null
steven.reynolds@enron.com	25315	null	null
todd.busby@enron.com	25316	null	null
william.e.nicus@exxon.com	25317	null	null
paul.j.equale@accenture.com	25318	null	null
joel.anderson@enron.com	25319	null	null
pattye.sanders@enron.com	25320	null	null
rannlewis@hotmail.com	25321	null	null
psalist@itssrv1.ucsf.edu	25322	null	null
kmcmy@aol.com	25323	null	null
saharadoc@aol.com	25324	null	null
lindsay.m.livingston@accenture.com	25325	null	null
george.hope@enron.com	25326	null	null
luann.mitchell@enron.com	25327	null	null
dlin@fpcusa.com	25328	null	null
dlin@fpeusa.com	25328	null	null
rrosenma@cravathswaineandmoore.com	25329	null	null
alexilex@aol.com	25330	null	null
tricia.roome@enron.com	25331	null	null
provide.group.3@sense-inc.com	25332	null	null
greg.gruber@elpaso.com	25333	null	null
jkoldeway@qwest.com	25334	null	null
robert.poole@atmosenergy.com	25335	null	null
elizabeth.jewell@villanova.edu	25336	null	null
juan.canavati.@enron.com	25337	null	null
juan.canavati@enron.com	25337	null	null
rudy.acevedo@enron.com	25338	null	null
chu.anthony@enron.com	25339	null	null
jose42@yahoo.com	25340	null	null
matt.maxwell@enron.com	25341	null	null
michel-finci@instinet.com	25342	null	null
enron.global.assets@enron.com	25343	null	null
patricia.cornelius@enron.com	25344	null	null
gary.l.macey@fpc.com	25345	null	null
gasoilliquidsdaily@yahoo.com	25346	null	null
edineth.santos@enron.com	25347	null	null
mike.altendorf@conchango.com	25348	null	null
elizabeth.vittor@enron.com	25349	null	null
mgallego@wlu.ca	25350	null	null
kenyanway@prodigy.net	25351	null	null
justatip@processrequest.com	25352	null	null
patandnora@hotmail.com	25353	null	null
morning@ino.com	25354	null	null
phil.armitt@enron.com	25355	null	null
tracy.wallace@enron.com	25356	null	null
lawfirm@lawresearch.com	25357	null	null
mike.thack@beasys.com	25358	null	null
mike.thack@bea.com	25358	null	null
jay.bhatty@enron.com	25359	null	null
sgilmore@mnu.edu	25360	null	null
1800flowers.237779281@s2u2.com	25361	null	null
jwhittaker@stmassociates.com	25362	null	null
jmenard@wsicorp.com	25363	null	null
laynie.east@enron.com	25364	null	null
east..	25364	null	null
robm@wt.net	25365	null	null
etoolson@hesinet.com	25366	null	null
rwoodall@danielind.com	25367	null	null
ppetras@selectenergy.com	25368	null	null
daniel_olson@kindermorgan.com	25369	null	null
andrew.feldstein@jpmorgan.com	25370	null	null
vedder_24@yahoo.com	25371	null	null
jaw34@psu.edu	25372	null	null
pash@anpower.com	25373	null	null
teenqueen216@aol.com	25374	null	null
harvey.golub@aexp.com	25375	null	null
admiralslodge@xtra.co.nz	25376	null	null
michael.peri@enron.com	25377	null	null
joannie.williamson@enron.com	25378	null	null
mbastaff@haas.berkeley.edu	25379	null	null
mccarthy.jane.j@bhp.com	25380	null	null
david_teece@lecg.com	25381	null	null
lslade@modrall.com	25382	null	null
burwash@petro-canada.ca	25383	null	null
dgood@solarc.com	25384	null	null
david.engbroch@eprime.com	25385	null	null
lawdept@varied.com	25386	null	null
meredithcrow@aol.com	25387	null	null
peter.del.vecchio@enron.com	25388	null	null
james.nguyen@enron.com	25389	null	null
koleary@adventis.com	25390	null	null
jimmystorey@fbcc.com	25391	null	null
david_weekley@dwhomes.com	25392	null	null
r..ward@enron.com	25393	null	null
angelica@enron.com	25394	null	null
chrisp@texlaenergy.com	25395	null	null
ed.lawrence@enron.com	25396	null	null
kendm@swbell.net	25397	null	null
marymerchant@home.com	25398	null	null
neil.stein@csfb.com	25399	null	null
ecohan@rei.com	25400	null	null
barko@enron.com	25401	null	null
ddiehl@nui.com	25402	null	null
ms_larisa@mail.ru	25403	null	null
meaness5@hotmail.com	25404	null	null
legalhall@enron.com	25405	null	null
rcac20011112@ombramarketing.com	25406	null	null
alix.yates@iqpc.co.uk	25407	null	null
marlya0264@aol.com	25408	null	null
tjbutler@enron.com	25409	null	null
ttnguyen2@equiva.com	25410	null	null
rosenblum.ron@enron.com	25411	null	null
xenergy@cbinet.com	25412	null	null
jerry.thomas@enron.com	25413	null	null
michaelmiller@mac.com	25414	null	null
marc.roche@enron.com	25415	null	null
compaq_my_presario_8@greatideas.compaq.com	25416	null	null
hartz@zapmedia.com	25417	null	null
richadr@texaco.com	25418	null	null
carbob@pacbell.net	25419	null	null
work.'angie@enron.com	25420	null	null
pc.post@heglandtrykkeri.no	25421	null	null
anw@cpuc.ca.gov	25422	null	null
tarn@selway.umt.edu	25423	null	null
jercich@enron.com	25424	null	null
1247601@skytel.com	25425	null	null
jamills@storm.ca	25426	null	null
olana@bestweb.net	25427	null	null
sherri.sera@enron.com	25428	null	null
jdickinson@mail.utexas.edu	25429	null	null
cwardlaw@austin.rr.com	25430	null	null
brad.lawson@enron.com	25431	null	null
steven.laskey@merrick.com	25432	null	null
crissy.collett@enron.com	25433	null	null
a8efxwqjbt@hotmail.com	25434	null	null
ddaniels@bracepatt.com	25435	null	null
grace.tang@lfr.com	25436	null	null
cecilia.turriago@enron.com	25437	null	null
tobin.carlson@enron.com	25438	null	null
alumni_user@boldfish2.snowball.com	25439	null	null
customerservice10@sierratradingpost.com	25440	null	null
carol_benter@mckinsey.com	25441	null	null
suneet.sharma@enron.com	25442	null	null
shelley.ariel@enron.com	25443	null	null
jhe8@ford.com	25444	null	null
jbarfield@hess.com	25445	null	null
herzins@selectenergy.com	25446	null	null
pubs@eenews.net	25447	null	null
heinecke.justin@enron.com	25448	null	null
mark.cartwright@intcx.com	25449	null	null
'cartwright@enron.com	25449	null	null
dinah.sultanik@enron.com	25450	null	null
tom.allen@mirant.com	25451	null	null
mcampbell6@houston.rr.com	25452	null	null
ggomez@altra.com	25453	null	null
d.eastlake@mail.utexas.edu	25454	null	null
tazzato@keyspanenergy.com	25455	null	null
gminor4@home.com	25456	null	null
bockc@bp.com	25457	null	null
jillmelendy@hotmail.com	25458	null	null
danoble@att.net	25459	null	null
pedro.oliveira@enron.com	25460	null	null
rcavanagh@nrdc.org	25461	null	null
make.money@mailman.enron.com	25462	null	null
wychoff.norman@enron.com	25463	null	null
aduncan@kilstock.com	25464	null	null
aduncan@kilpatrickstockton.com	25464	null	null
winn.misti@enron.com	25465	null	null
winn@enron.com	25465	null	null
xsljnyuayb@ever2.beontarget.com	25466	null	null
stephen.youngman@weil.com	25467	null	null
adam.metry@enron.com	25468	null	null
0889@netscape.com	25469	null	null
kcompton@kpcb.com	25470	null	null
pkumar@uh.edu	25471	null	null
westcoastwren@hotmail.com	25472	null	null
courtney.hanson@ourclub.com	25473	null	null
k.matheson@enron.com	25474	null	null
henderson.mark@enron.com	25475	null	null
degiacic@wharton.upenn.edu	25476	null	null
michael.dennison@enron.com	25477	null	null
enronmediacuttings@enron.com	25478	null	null
tomrip1@netscape.net	25479	null	null
rogertan@swbell.net	25480	null	null
2.2839.c0-dxq81_ildmyr.1@cda01.cdnow.com	25481	null	null
kensey_subscriber@mailman.enron.com	25482	null	null
beccajo@yahoo.com	25483	null	null
sherbich@paclawteam.com	25484	null	null
gwhalle@enron.com	25485	null	null
gwhalle@ect.enron.com	25485	null	null
albert.miralles@enron.com	25486	null	null
nnissen@mdbe.com	25487	null	null
mmcgrath@eei.org	25488	null	null
bprytko@sepracor.com	25489	null	null
jackie.nelson@enron.com	25490	null	null
bbrandfass@panalytix.com	25491	null	null
randy.o'connor@enron.com	25492	null	null
cnguyen30@hotmail.com	25493	null	null
corpcomm@aep.com	25494	null	null
philip.sorak@enron.com	25495	null	null
joseph.koothrappaly@enron.com	25496	null	null
laurel.bolt@enron.com	25497	null	null
custom_offers@customoffers.com	25498	null	null
mark.m.meador@us.andersen.com	25499	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.105459@joinmail.ccbn.com	25500	null	null
russell.montgomery@enron.com	25501	null	null
emoser@milbank.com	25502	null	null
btaylor@wsgr.com	25503	null	null
olivier.herbelot@enron.com	25504	null	null
cdeleon@bracepatt.com	25505	null	null
scott.gahn@enron.com	25506	null	null
confadmin@ziffenergy.com	25507	null	null
dufferd@webtv.net	25508	null	null
eronn@mail.utexas.edu	25509	null	null
crakers@paceglobal.com	25510	null	null
reginald.shanks@enron.com	25511	null	null
ogletreeb@dsmo.com	25512	null	null
bamoroso@wfubmc.edu	25513	null	null
tswg@caiso.com	25514	null	null
brian.hille@safeway.com	25515	null	null
bpickle@isda.org	25516	null	null
sing4dixie@yahoo.com	25517	null	null
xxenergy@ix.netcom.com	25518	null	null
abullrich@cera.com	25519	null	null
llmaser@degeurinrealty.com	25520	null	null
frank.acuff@enron.com	25521	null	null
espnnews_sp2@espn.go.com	25522	null	null
jhester@satx.rr.com	25523	null	null
baveety@pplweb.com	25524	null	null
coco@enron.com	25525	null	null
431609.57054773.1@1.americanexpress.com	25526	null	null
rudy.sutherland@enron.com	25527	null	null
ron.sikora@auxsable.com	25528	null	null
steve.hpl.schneider@enron.com	25529	null	null
steve.schneider@enron.com	25529	null	null
kss@rdigroup.com	25530	null	null
kss@overlandpartners.com	25530	null	null
tasha.edwards@enron.com	25531	null	null
nelly.carpenter@enron.com	25532	null	null
buford@enron.com	25533	null	null
ipayit@enron.com	25534	null	null
julia.kazibwe@enron.com	25535	null	null
osullivanh@conedenergy.com	25536	null	null
jim.roth@enron.com	25537	null	null
becky.quintana@enron.com	25538	null	null
jeffery.ader@enron.com	25539	null	null
thankyou@customoffers.com	25540	null	null
berlin'.'aly@enron.com	25541	null	null
aem@bomchil.com.ar	25542	null	null
jonesc@superior-sdc.com	25543	null	null
eric.thode@enron.com	25544	null	null
dan.miller@enron.com	25545	null	null
jason.riley@novoforum.com	25546	null	null
mtezyk@enron.com	25547	null	null
travelsmith.240255380@s2u2.com	25548	null	null
mentor@enron.com	25549	null	null
john.lee@pacificorp.com	25550	null	null
ba4cd662-58db2db2-862564b8-5b412a@enron.com	25551	null	null
smith.walter@enron.com	25552	null	null
ellen.fowler@enron.com	25553	null	null
tom.parker@enron.com	25554	null	null
goldenty@haas.berkeley.edu	25555	null	null
mbanda@tnrcc.state.tx.us	25556	null	null
scouting_report@offer.technoscout.com	25557	null	null
garrison.martha@enron.com	25558	null	null
cal.bill@enron.com	25559	null	null
diana.jebousek@enron.com	25560	null	null
mysti.lopez@rrc.state.tx.us	25561	null	null
sandeep.kohli@enron.com	25562	null	null
carl.carter@enron.com	25563	null	null
joey.taylor@enron.com	25564	null	null
daniel.harris@gs.com	25565	null	null
rnixon@zydecodevelopment.com	25566	null	null
kkubzdela@csc.cps.k12.il.us	25567	null	null
8772376735@pagenetmessage.net	25568	null	null
jramsey@hehe.com	25569	null	null
rtorres@argolink.net	25570	null	null
kimberly.donohue@saccapital.com	25571	null	null
pfarinas@tvsa.com	25572	null	null
nurit@math.utexas.edu	25573	null	null
nurit@fireant.ma.utexas.edu	25573	null	null
drayton.mclane@enron.com	25574	null	null
drayton@teleport.com	25574	null	null
mvelarde@sdge.com	25575	null	null
alexis415@yahoo.com	25576	null	null
nstepp@velaw.com	25577	null	null
insynconline.6lzfz3m6.d@insync-palm.com	25578	null	null
quickflicks-unsubscribe@free-irewards.com	25579	null	null
enronrunners@enron.com	25580	null	null
jahoyt@tlna.com	25581	null	null
rosario.carbone@enron.com	25582	null	null
deldridge@enron.com	25583	null	null
kimberly.banner@enron.com	25584	null	null
jsqueri@gmssr.com	25585	null	null
movieboy@teamfreeze.com	25586	null	null
dan.badger@enron.com	25587	null	null
lisa.burnett@enron.com	25588	null	null
kathlene.mosley@enron.com	25589	null	null
ksbaa-l@listserv.indiana.edu	25590	null	null
george.smith@enron.com	25591	null	null
garrison.matt@enron.com	25592	null	null
ccvevents@aol.com	25593	null	null
boucher.barry@enron.com	25594	null	null
john.postlethwaite@enron.com	25595	null	null
giancarloqui@aol.com	25596	null	null
eellwanger@triumphboats.com	25597	null	null
india.torres@enron.com	25598	null	null
mark.bernstein@enron.com	25599	null	null
robert.cook@enron.com	25600	null	null
dalyb@coned.com	25601	null	null
capitol-news@list.asme.org	25602	null	null
1.3594.f0-0jdu1qa40nkp.1@mailer.realage.com	25603	null	null
chauncy.hood@enron.com	25604	null	null
russ.whitton@enron.com	25605	null	null
kate.bruges@enron.com	25606	null	null
alan.marsh@enron.com	25607	null	null
onepass_121300@airmail.continental.com	25608	null	null
ems@enron.com	25609	null	null
apodoloff@enron.com	25610	null	null
expediafaretracker_031463@expedia.customer-email.com	25611	null	null
nick.mooney@enron.com	25612	null	null
don.nicolson.promark.ab.ca@enron.com	25613	null	null
don.nicolson@promark.ab.ca	25613	null	null
mark.adelmann@enron.com	25614	null	null
kathy.washington@enron.com	25615	null	null
donna.consemiu@enron.com	25616	null	null
yvette.connevey@enron.com	25617	null	null
rwrigglesworth@peregrinecorp.net	25618	null	null
chris.ordway@enron.com	25619	null	null
lsu_alumni@football.fantasy.sportsline.com	25620	null	null
fitz@math.uh.edu	25621	null	null
aconway@houston.geoquest.slb.com	25622	null	null
vah@flash.net	25623	null	null
karen.myer@enron.com	25624	null	null
paul.pizzolato@enron.com	25625	null	null
lori.boutte@enron.com	25626	null	null
alan.seidelmann.1996@anderson.ucla.edu	25627	null	null
clarence.schwab@enron.com	25628	null	null
kriegerh@coned.com	25629	null	null
gary.heikkinen@enron.com	25630	null	null
percell@swbell.net	25631	null	null
mark.scott@enron.com	25632	null	null
michael_leahy@scotia-mcleod.com	25633	null	null
bfloyd@water.ca.gov	25634	null	null
gary.stadler@enron.com	25635	null	null
childproofer@aol.com	25636	null	null
zachary.inman@enron.com	25637	null	null
electronic_communication@americancentury.com	25638	null	null
wiegert.john@enron.com	25639	null	null
dorismit@mciworld.com	25640	null	null
slewis2@enron.com	25641	null	null
dfurey@enron.com	25642	null	null
heidi.smith@enron.com	25643	null	null
americassociety@as-coa.org	25644	null	null
randy.nicolay@enron.com	25645	null	null
hovhannisyan_ash@hotmail.com	25646	null	null
donna.lachapelle@enron.com	25647	null	null
tigger5917@clds.net	25648	null	null
roy.boston@enron.com	25649	null	null
sahamrx@yahoo.com	25650	null	null
btharpe@exchange.amgen.com	25651	null	null
btharpe@amgen.com	25651	null	null
pvarley@gpc.ca	25652	null	null
anita.luong@enron.com	25653	null	null
laallen@aep.com	25654	null	null
amiremadi@caiso.com	25655	null	null
stacey.neuman@enron.com	25656	null	null
kiddie.zafar@enron.com	25657	null	null
kimberly.rizzi@enron.com	25658	null	null
mtuohey@velaw.com	25659	null	null
kdavis02@coair.com	25660	null	null
jpicazo@stanford.edu	25661	null	null
surveyresponse@stoneage.com	25662	null	null
sj7xj21jt@msn.com	25663	null	null
ellis.stern@enron.com	25664	null	null
georgehuan@hotmail.com	25665	null	null
leslie.reeves@enron.com	25666	null	null
reeves@listserv.amunet.edu	25666	null	null
steven.gray@enron.com	25667	null	null
steven.gray@funb.com	25667	null	null
schurman.ii@enron.com	25668	null	null
eric-prs@irjgroup.co.jp	25669	null	null
bill.grant@enron.com	25670	null	null
bargaindog@bargaindog.directabout.com	25671	null	null
j..leskowitz@enron.com	25672	null	null
samchawk@aol.com	25673	null	null
karla_dailey@city.palo-alto.ca.us	25674	null	null
thdcronm@bol.net.in	25675	null	null
scherkere@gtlaw.com	25676	null	null
timely-invest@mail-list.com	25677	null	null
jerry.hyatt@eaglegl.com	25678	null	null
bes.prod@schwab.com	25679	null	null
begreen@seiworldwide.com	25680	null	null
wpboswel@mwbb.com	25681	null	null
cmastros@unterberg.com	25682	null	null
steen@enron.com	25683	null	null
williamk@kroadv.com	25684	null	null
rirombei@worthingtonindustries.com	25685	null	null
flycheap1@promos.flycheap.com	25686	null	null
'franksen@enron.com	25687	null	null
paula.forsyth@enron.com	25688	null	null
snovose@enron.com	25689	null	null
peggy.determeyer@enron.com	25690	null	null
t..zivley@enron.com	25691	null	null
grant.zimmerman@enron.com	25692	null	null
barbara.bischoff@enron.com	25693	null	null
jeff.royed@enron.com	25694	null	null
lisa.mellencamp@enron.com	25695	null	null
m_noland@yahoo.com	25696	null	null
fritzdave@aol.com	25697	null	null
dannysullivan@akllp.com	25698	null	null
ken.cherry@enron.com	25699	null	null
kenneth.rice@enron.com	25700	null	null
alison.m.tomb@uk.pwcglobal.com	25701	null	null
rfahey@mwgen.com	25702	null	null
rob.wilson@enron.com	25703	null	null
kevin.madden@ferc.fed.us	25704	null	null
lsulliv@enron.com	25705	null	null
mary.mckendree@enron.com	25706	null	null
sgtcase@aol.com	25707	null	null
rwelsh@velaw.com	25708	null	null
lmarlatt@br-inc.com	25709	null	null
pgoode@houston.rr.com	25710	null	null
hwendell@mdbe.com	25711	null	null
flyfree@milespree.com	25712	null	null
cers@water.ca.gov	25713	null	null
stalker@risklimited.com	25714	null	null
jhavila@firstunion1.com	25715	null	null
apalmerlee@cfr.org	25716	null	null
powerball@monthlydrawing.roi1.net	25717	null	null
netradio-this-month-text@news.netradio.com	25718	null	null
mike.jordan@enron.com	25719	null	null
wlhiu@chat.ru	25720	null	null
mfinch@velaw.com	25721	null	null
joao.carlos.albuquerque@enron.com	25722	null	null
albertmanzone@intl.pepsi.com	25723	null	null
rosemaryf@housedressing.com	25724	null	null
jim.normand@conexant.com	25725	null	null
kluersse@indiana.edu	25726	null	null
tcarter@sequentenergy.com	25727	null	null
kelly.habenicht@db.com	25728	null	null
kabagg@stat.rice.edu	25729	null	null
hotdeals.26@reply.pm0.net	25730	null	null
jjewett@ercot.com	25731	null	null
history-editor@amazon.com	25732	null	null
jchoi@cfee.net	25733	null	null
jmontehooey@hotmail.com	25734	null	null
mark.rodriguez@enron.com	25735	null	null
jseegers@velaw.com	25736	null	null
a.k..matheson@enron.com	25737	null	null
linda.mitchell@neg.pge.com	25738	null	null
susan.jones@neg.pge.com	25739	null	null
scoleman@altra.com	25740	null	null
randy.johnson@enron.com	25741	null	null
mexico@carloslara.com	25742	null	null
jdasovich@enron.com	25743	null	null
andrewd@tex-trude.com	25744	null	null
yangw@andrew.cmu.edu	25745	null	null
rafish@intafrica.com	25746	null	null
david.allan@enron.com	25747	null	null
mboyd@kpmg.com	25748	null	null
brett.shoulders@xpedior.com	25749	null	null
naveed.ahmed@enron.com	25750	null	null
aarons@aberrant.org	25751	null	null
esmeralda.gonzalez@enron.com	25752	null	null
roderick.nelson@enron.com	25753	null	null
yazzo.john@enron.com	25754	null	null
donald.paddack@enron.com	25755	null	null
ebenjenk@gsx.com	25756	null	null
north.dl-ets@enron.com	25757	null	null
tfpflug@pkllc.com	25758	null	null
tfpflug@aol.com	25758	null	null
sophie.patel@enron.com	25759	null	null
mukesh_bajaj@lecg.com	25760	null	null
ft.com.specials@newsbyemail.ft.com	25761	null	null
nicole.white@enron.com	25762	null	null
habib.ahsan@enron.com	25763	null	null
william_velez-barneset@hcjpd.co.harris.tx.us	25764	null	null
nigel.beresford@enron.com	25765	null	null
johnhawkins@paulhastings.com	25766	null	null
erindmd@aol.com	25767	null	null
dw@ges-uk.com	25768	null	null
kristina.mordaunt@enron.com	25769	null	null
donald.black@enron.com	25770	null	null
tammie.schoppe@enron.com	25771	null	null
groyer@cmta.net	25772	null	null
bruce.s.grant@lmco.com	25773	null	null
joanbrtt@netscape.net	25774	null	null
dave.hubbard@enron.com	25775	null	null
nathan.wesely@roystonlaw.com	25776	null	null
uiew2@skiving.com	25777	null	null
acken4@yahoo.com	25778	null	null
jud@enron.com	25779	null	null
westdesksupport@enron.com	25780	null	null
alicia.lenderman@enron.com	25781	null	null
kathleen.carnahan@enron.com	25782	null	null
ckalau@hotmail.com	25783	null	null
jane.lyman@enron.com	25784	null	null
rob.mcdonald@enron.com	25785	null	null
pegi.newhouse@enron.com	25786	null	null
klesinsk@uiuc.edu	25787	null	null
dolginko@enron.com	25788	null	null
ernie.lachica@enron.com	25789	null	null
lisa.thompson@enron.com	25790	null	null
pranaygupte@aol.com	25791	null	null
vwaller@ix.netcom.com	25792	null	null
randall.l.gay@enron.com	25793	null	null
bill.monahan@swpc.siemens.com	25794	null	null
montovano's.group@enron.com	25795	null	null
tbarringer@edisonmission.com	25796	null	null
dave.perrino@enron.com	25797	null	null
jcanavan@mtpower.com	25798	null	null
mary.weatherstone@enron.com	25799	null	null
kevin.r.kosub@us.andersen.com	25800	null	null
rtwait@graphicaljazz.com	25801	null	null
cheryl.kuehl@enron.com	25802	null	null
stephanie.olszewski@enron.com	25803	null	null
jennifer.bruhn@na.manpower.com	25804	null	null
mark.ringwelski@enron.com	25805	null	null
berg.dj@pg.com	25806	null	null
rvicens@deltapower.com	25807	null	null
jennifer.smith@enron.com	25808	null	null
jschroeter@worldnet.att.net	25809	null	null
judytucker@kslaw.com	25810	null	null
kfluckiger@caiso.com	25811	null	null
urgentalert677638@yahoo.com	25812	null	null
laurinh@prodigy.net	25813	null	null
george.palmer@bc.istonish.com	25814	null	null
ma_laura@gsb.stanford.edu	25815	null	null
djames@avistacorp.com	25816	null	null
bill.ebanks@compaq.com	25817	null	null
nclark@velaw.com	25818	null	null
montalbano.holly@heb.com	25819	null	null
mwalenciak@southwesternpower.com	25820	null	null
laurie.rutherford@reliant.com	25821	null	null
jeff.leath@enron.com	25822	null	null
stephen.swain@enron.com	25823	null	null
clarksr@bellsouth.net	25824	null	null
sxtafoya@tecoenergy.com	25825	null	null
max.brown@enron.com	25826	null	null
dconnally@houston.rr.com	25827	null	null
esmith0908@aol.com	25828	null	null
john.kenny@painewebber.com	25829	null	null
davidtaylorsf@aol.com	25830	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029691@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	25831	null	null
yannis.tzamouranis@enron.com	25832	null	null
angela_mtgoper@yahoo.com	25833	null	null
dan.thibaut@enron.com	25834	null	null
ormec@sullcrom.com	25835	null	null
jtaffe@ci.tacoma.wa.us	25836	null	null
esepp@yahoo.com	25837	null	null
mistys@wedgegroup.com	25838	null	null
karen.lambert@enron.com	25839	null	null
elizabeth.murphy@enron.com	25840	null	null
james.bouillion@enron.com	25841	null	null
sandeep.kholi@enron.com	25842	null	null
taquesha.frank@enron.com	25843	null	null
charles_smithson@fp.cibc.com	25844	null	null
lehman.forward@enron.com	25845	null	null
rmeadows@kslaw.com	25846	null	null
gary.kenagy@enron.com	25847	null	null
emily.boon@msdw.com	25848	null	null
emily.boon@morganstanley.com	25848	null	null
sbehrend@llgm.com	25849	null	null
aaldous@watarts.uwaterloo.ca	25850	null	null
mike_pate@oxy.com	25851	null	null
wharris@bracepatt.com	25852	null	null
panacea1@swbell.net	25853	null	null
afinch@natsource.com	25854	null	null
afinch@iasco.com	25854	null	null
6.970.5b-9x8esnbhbhi5bsrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	25855	null	null
akeiser@rocketmail.com	25856	null	null
bourneb@umsystem.edu	25857	null	null
zachary.mccarroll@enron.com	25858	null	null
gangitano@bellsouth.net	25859	null	null
nyadmin@intcx.com	25860	null	null
dzdunkewicz@andrews-kurth.com	25861	null	null
dhorvath@gsb.uchicago.edu	25862	null	null
6.396.41-qqz1php-md-hozzrnbiesplcurrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	25863	null	null
brittanydoty@hotmail.com	25864	null	null
support15@markettools.com	25865	null	null
resumes@careers-conectiv.com	25866	null	null
resumes@caregroup.harvard.edu	25866	null	null
40ect@enron.com	25867	null	null
alexander.deborah@enron.com	25868	null	null
cnelso@puget.com	25869	null	null
kkjohnson@velocityexp.com	25870	null	null
jmansfield@anpower.com	25871	null	null
storm-advisory@lists.hurricanecentral.com	25872	null	null
drunnels@andrews-kurth.com	25873	null	null
drunnels@akllp.com	25873	null	null
corbin.barnes@enron.com	25874	null	null
stkpyl@aol.com	25875	null	null
insynconline.6ff2j67z.d@insync-palm.com	25876	null	null
tana.cashion@enron.com	25877	null	null
alfonso.trabulsi@enron.com	25878	null	null
michelle.leblanc@enron.com	25879	null	null
1.3966.ee-uoqz1t2kh4u7.1@mailer.realage.com	25880	null	null
cjung@houstonisd.org	25881	null	null
348636.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	25882	null	null
kitkatmartin@msn.com	25883	null	null
rousseau.anai@enron.com	25884	null	null
christopher.millard@cliffordchance.com	25885	null	null
shaddilack@hotmail.com	25886	null	null
crri@andromeda.rutgers.edu	25887	null	null
smcnatt@mdck.com	25888	null	null
george.serice@jpmorgan.com	25889	null	null
tom.mckeever@enron.com	25890	null	null
chucko@statoil.com	25891	null	null
lena.kasbekar@enron.com	25892	null	null
ddame@ncpa.com	25893	null	null
steve.jacobellis@enron.com	25894	null	null
greg.malcolm@opg.com	25895	null	null
greg.malcolm@ontariopowergeneration.com	25895	null	null
edgillespie@quinngillespie.com	25896	null	null
rikesh.patel@enron.com	25897	null	null
l..dinari@enron.com	25898	null	null
mikereed@camh.org	25899	null	null
kvaken@aol.com	25900	null	null
audrey.lecky@enron.com	25901	null	null
christina.yeung@enron.com	25902	null	null
jfoshee@sotx.org	25903	null	null
fillmorepockets@sweepsclub.com	25904	null	null
michael.philips@enron.com	25905	null	null
adleman'.'geoffrey@enron.com	25906	null	null
dorowill@wharton.upenn.edu	25907	null	null
geoff.guenther@enron.com	25908	null	null
naomi.connell@enron.com	25909	null	null
sherry.butler@enron.com	25910	null	null
dispute.iso@enron.com	25911	null	null
gtfox@pecorp.com	25912	null	null
tom.adams@enron.com	25913	null	null
cdnow_specials.6bfbk47b.r@my.cdnow.com	25914	null	null
sgertner@ix.netcom.com	25915	null	null
jwait@lehman.com	25916	null	null
barry.pearce@enron.com	25917	null	null
amanda.schear@juvcourt.hamilton-co.org	25918	null	null
petrochem4@tauberoil.com	25919	null	null
sakowitz'.'bob@enron.com	25920	null	null
jlove@lockeliddell.com	25921	null	null
runnd@akllp.com	25922	null	null
gatoomu654@yahoo.com	25923	null	null
jhanley@riskwaters.com	25924	null	null
cyril.price@enron.com	25925	null	null
charlessmith@alcoa.com	25926	null	null
jlfreeh@parkcity.net	25927	null	null
gw125b.ny12533.raislerk@gw1.wise.net	25928	null	null
raislerk@sullcrom.com	25928	null	null
teresa.alderink@sabre.com	25929	null	null
hal.lenhart@apollogrp.edu	25930	null	null
tim.richards@corporate.ge.com	25931	null	null
nancyant@erols.com	25932	null	null
anitareed@aol.com	25933	null	null
tomwilson@stratfordgroup.com	25934	null	null
emca@egroups.com	25935	null	null
emca@yahoogroups.com	25935	null	null
rex.rogers@enron.com	25936	null	null
rsalles@pinheironeto.com.br	25937	null	null
ddarter@webtv.net	25938	null	null
insynconline.6jfwqg-h.d@insync-palm.com	25939	null	null
houstonena@enron.com	25940	null	null
johnsoncb@aol.com	25941	null	null
rena.mobley@elpaso.com	25942	null	null
randy.stubbings@enron.com	25943	null	null
stephanie.wade@elpaso.com	25944	null	null
amy.carpenter-holmes@enron.com	25945	null	null
carpenter-holmes@enron.com	25945	null	null
pipip@andrews-kurth.com	25946	null	null
denisnaq@home.com	25947	null	null
ken.cowan@dynegy.com	25948	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3810.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	25949	null	null
businesses.global@enron.com	25950	null	null
pwade@calpine.com	25951	null	null
kltaylor@duke-energy.com	25952	null	null
rob.rice@enron.com	25953	null	null
gregory_hood@oxy.com	25954	null	null
pp1120@powerhiring.com	25955	null	null
kenneth.parkhill@enron.com	25956	null	null
balaji.krishnan@enron.com	25957	null	null
maguirdh@bp.com	25958	null	null
philip.rhind@za.hsbcib.com	25959	null	null
andrew.thomas@enron.com	25960	null	null
peggy.cameron@enron.com	25961	null	null
hungit34@excite.com	25962	null	null
newsalertbroadcast@evote.com	25963	null	null
daniella.carneiro@enron.com	25964	null	null
flombar@columbiaenergygroup.com	25965	null	null
myherbs1311@sorman.se	25966	null	null
8774820772@pagenetmessage.net	25967	null	null
levi.huckeby@enron.com	25968	null	null
mask@enron.com	25969	null	null
psrichey1@prodigy.net	25970	null	null
jimgeorgie@yahoo.com	25971	null	null
tarnold@finance.lsu.edu	25972	null	null
susan.hinko@icorbroker.com	25973	null	null
sony.wilson@enron.com	25974	null	null
brian_houghton@gulf.ca	25975	null	null
brian_houghton@keyspancanada.com	25975	null	null
brian_houghton@exchange.gulf.ca	25975	null	null
warner'.'kelly@enron.com	25976	null	null
jay.boudreaux@enron.com	25977	null	null
kirkw77@aol.com	25978	null	null
we541be@ssel.toshiba.co.jp	25979	null	null
bard@enron.com	25980	null	null
michelle.waldhauser@enron.com	25981	null	null
noel.bartlo@elpaso.com	25982	null	null
colin.tonks@enron.com	25983	null	null
rgutzmanjr@dow.com	25984	null	null
jjean99@aol.com	25985	null	null
rajaram.jamadagni@enron.com	25986	null	null
jfoard@coral-energy.com	25987	null	null
chrisnooney@hotmail.com	25988	null	null
hitekdude55@netscape.net	25989	null	null
william.j.reid@syntegra.com	25990	null	null
wayne.sartore@cnpl.enbridge.com	25991	null	null
reggie.wilson@enron.com	25992	null	null
discostars222@yahoo.com	25993	null	null
rhedge01@sprintspectrum.com	25994	null	null
stevestock@pagenetips.com	25995	null	null
erin.kanouff@enron.com	25996	null	null
lisa.bills@enron.com	25997	null	null
brycoop@gte.net	25998	null	null
pete.releford@enron.com	25999	null	null
stavinm@basf-corp.com	26000	null	null
jerry_berean@hotmail.com	26001	null	null
clarissa.cooper@enron.com	26002	null	null
sanjevwks@slaughterandmay.com	26003	null	null
xxmdswmdbmuflbbp@biggiemsn.com	26004	null	null
team.kingman-needles@enron.com	26005	null	null
carol.north@enron.com	26006	null	null
aram.sogomonian@pacificorp.com	26007	null	null
slichtenstein@frenchx2.com	26008	null	null
kcscutler@aol.com	26009	null	null
gdernehl@enron.com	26010	null	null
maureen'.'mcvicker@enron.com	26011	null	null
maureen.mcvicker@enron.com	26011	null	null
lynda.murdock@ca.pwcglobal.com	26012	null	null
thoulihan@mdbe.com	26013	null	null
chrisdorland@msn.com	26014	null	null
maryann.long@enron.com	26015	null	null
jerry.dunn@travelpark.com	26016	null	null
nikcary@yahoo.com	26017	null	null
alonzo.williams@enron.com	26018	null	null
axel.nevens@cec.eu.int	26019	null	null
rdgutzmanjr@dow.com	26020	null	null
jdcrowson@marathonoil.com	26021	null	null
pdondanville@schiffhardin.com	26022	null	null
support.dl-enw-ebs@enron.com	26023	null	null
terrell.benke@enron.com	26024	null	null
matuscak@corp.admworld.com	26025	null	null
automatednotification@tdwaterhouse.ca	26026	null	null
rkarakay@danonetr.danone.com	26027	null	null
holli.krebs@enron.com	26028	null	null
team.redfield@enron.com	26029	null	null
mccoy.luanne@enron.com	26030	null	null
apkpcp@prodigy.net	26031	null	null
1353@aol.com	26032	null	null
kerryann.irwin@enron.com	26033	null	null
assignee.support@us.pwcglobal.com	26034	null	null
hema@izhuta.com	26035	null	null
michael.im@enron.com	26036	null	null
naquinscott@yahoo.com	26037	null	null
dan.fancler@enron.com	26038	null	null
kaye.loren@enron.com	26039	null	null
s.nadalin@thehiringspot.com	26040	null	null
michelle.schultz@enron.com	26041	null	null
gbarton@bartona.com	26042	null	null
angela.teerwilliams@gte.net	26043	null	null
ethics_integrity@hotmail.com	26044	null	null
gypsey@hotmail.com	26045	null	null
bwbbeatty@email.msn.com	26046	null	null
era@molalla.net	26047	null	null
gouinmd@nu.com	26048	null	null
special-offers2@mail2.southwest.com	26049	null	null
h..sutter@enron.com	26050	null	null
mtedrow99@hotmail.com	26051	null	null
todoc1@aol.com	26052	null	null
dferguson@wm.com	26053	null	null
kswalker@sbcglobal.net	26054	null	null
williamsjane@swiftdesk.com	26055	null	null
frank.carriere@enron.com	26056	null	null
bookspangah@emsiweb.com	26057	null	null
lorinne.castaneda@nissan-usa.com	26058	null	null
mika.watanabe@enron.com	26059	null	null
dmitchel@cwt.com	26060	null	null
jsimon.egapost.ega@epsa.org	26061	null	null
brian.cohen@enron.com	26062	null	null
sarah321@aol.com	26063	null	null
rod.nelson@enron.com	26064	null	null
bjhow@flash.net	26065	null	null
eracheff@wwc.com	26066	null	null
frmen1@epelectric.com	26067	null	null
curly.baca@enron.com	26068	null	null
michelle.thomason@enron.com	26069	null	null
rrush@pclient.ml.com	26070	null	null
christine_m_fiehn@reliantenergy.com	26071	null	null
aosawa@attglobal.net	26072	null	null
jrevans@pplweb.com	26073	null	null
gavyn.davies@gs.com	26074	null	null
albane.perinne@enron.com	26075	null	null
jim.parmer@enron.com	26076	null	null
hotelres@seeseattle.org	26077	null	null
dcatalina@juniper.com	26078	null	null
pdondanv@schiffhardin.com	26079	null	null
jdhawkin@phjw.com	26080	null	null
dbogan@stam.rc.com	26081	null	null
andy.black@mail.house.gov	26082	null	null
direct.us@enron.com	26083	null	null
canwest_leigh_lyons@worldnet.att.net	26084	null	null
leigh.lyons@enron.com	26084	null	null
rlstone@bpa.gov	26085	null	null
devin.c.hall@uspwcglobal.com	26086	null	null
devin.c.hall@us.pwcglobal.com	26086	null	null
enw.list@enron.com	26087	null	null
sprintsbd@opt09.edirectnetwork.net	26088	null	null
ehamlin@czn.com	26089	null	null
texas_gamma@hotmail.com	26090	null	null
kann@pdq.net	26091	null	null
kate.wo@enron.com	26092	null	null
jttyree@columbiaenergygroup.com	26093	null	null
msmith7043@houston.rr.com	26094	null	null
jsamuelson@aspeninstitute.org	26095	null	null
shanks4jesus@aol.com	26096	null	null
lsoldano@enron.com	26097	null	null
copello.paul@enron.com	26098	null	null
nikep@edelmanmexico.com.mx	26099	null	null
lydia.reeves@enron.com	26100	null	null
tczyz@meagpower.org	26101	null	null
aunverzagt@houston.rr.com	26102	null	null
ppoint@kink.fm	26103	null	null
walkedp@ldng.com	26104	null	null
jscabareti@aol.com	26105	null	null
linda_woodring@mudnebr.com	26106	null	null
michael.mauboussin@csfb.com	26107	null	null
mauboussin@enron.com	26107	null	null
dmeara@enid.com	26108	null	null
jskilli.enron@enron.com	26109	null	null
janet.wallis@enron.com	26110	null	null
david.m.lee@aexp.com	26111	null	null
m.zebo@enron.com	26112	null	null
carrie.hollomon@enron.com	26113	null	null
galexander@alexander-cleaver.com	26114	null	null
jackie.morgan@enron.com	26115	null	null
ackertdm@yahoo.com	26116	null	null
larishea@horse-vacation.com	26117	null	null
keber@mail.nrel.gov	26118	null	null
jwright@s-k-w.com	26119	null	null
jwright@smithandkempton.com	26119	null	null
mgiese@pcbackup.cc	26120	null	null
bonniepark@yahoo.com	26121	null	null
keith.meurer@enron.com	26122	null	null
bcranford@home.com	26123	null	null
rogers.herndon@enron.com	26124	null	null
jenniferlyons@optinnetwork.0i1i.net	26125	null	null
andriy.mysyk@enron.com	26126	null	null
paty1040@aol.com	26127	null	null
sdonohoe1@austin.rr.com	26128	null	null
rainier.cockrell@enron.com	26129	null	null
et&s.office@enron.com	26130	null	null
carolyn_warnick@swett.com	26131	null	null
spfaff@cngc.com	26132	null	null
shenderson@dow.com	26133	null	null
mepstein@caiso.com	26134	null	null
forbess@coned.com	26135	null	null
vickie.nicholson@enron.com	26136	null	null
eric.kirkpatrick@enron.com	26137	null	null
johnny.ross@enron.com	26138	null	null
jim.suttle@enron.com	26139	null	null
dhoog@att.net	26140	null	null
gmasson@enron.com	26141	null	null
lisa.melloncamp@enron.com	26142	null	null
c2a95rl1a95@yahoo.com	26143	null	null
kbergman@ercot.com	26144	null	null
jjones@intergen.com	26145	null	null
jjones@jonesenergy.com	26145	null	null
g_carpenter@epiinc.com	26146	null	null
tbooth87@ev1.net	26147	null	null
bjm30@earthlink.net	26148	null	null
lou.moore@enron.com	26149	null	null
moore.lou@enron.com	26149	null	null
ryan.woods@enron.com	26150	null	null
s_shatila@hotmail.com	26151	null	null
21f383c37ed311a7469fa1d3a0b746a158a@tm03.net	26152	null	null
electricatlas01@listserv.ftenergy.com	26153	null	null
denverjewel@talkmatch.com	26154	null	null
jkwilson@velaw.com	26155	null	null
msaplala@brobeck.com	26156	null	null
aechristie@aol.com	26157	null	null
free_nokia_accessories@customoffers.com	26158	null	null
nokia@nokia.bp00.com	26158	null	null
scottnaquin@aol.com	26159	null	null
drosser@velaw.com	26160	null	null
tamara.carter@enron.com	26161	null	null
emma.welsch@enron.com	26162	null	null
bhautik.patel@enron.com	26163	null	null
soybqllaxsiitmju@msn.com	26164	null	null
plyall@swbell.net	26165	null	null
mspartalis@mlrpc.com	26166	null	null
mspartalis@aol.com	26166	null	null
osu.alumni.association@mailman.enron.com	26167	null	null
jforney@ect.enron.com	26168	null	null
jforney@enron.com	26168	null	null
jklauber@llgm.com	26169	null	null
vpena@pdq.net	26170	null	null
robert.hawkins@ci.austin.tx.us	26171	null	null
laurie.ferber@gs.com	26172	null	null
chris.hulls@enron.com	26173	null	null
adair.wendy@enron.com	26174	null	null
les.rawson@enron.com	26175	null	null
champagne@veuve-cliquot.fr	26176	null	null
acedirect@aircanada.ca	26177	null	null
alynch@stern.nyu.edu	26178	null	null
concerts@launch-media.net	26179	null	null
cindy.relations@enron.com	26180	null	null
daesulle@aol.com	26181	null	null
kathy.scully@milliman.com	26182	null	null
alan.muntz@enron.com	26183	null	null
csnyder@ic.sunysb.edu	26184	null	null
christina.sanchez@enron.com	26185	null	null
christina_sanchez@enron.com	26185	null	null
carrie.chaffin@enron.com	26186	null	null
bq175@aol.com	26187	null	null
tl@monthlydrawing.roi1.net	26188	null	null
bhargava.prabhat@ev.state.az.us	26189	null	null
joann.lavine@enron.com	26190	null	null
edt@transicoil.com	26191	null	null
mcatherine@idahopower.com	26192	null	null
scott.sefton@enron.com	26193	null	null
crobinson@caiso.com	26194	null	null
threechldn@cs.com	26195	null	null
heather.mathis@enron.com	26196	null	null
sdrossi@calpx.com	26197	null	null
tlu1@mail.arco.com	26198	null	null
gregory.carraway@enron.com	26199	null	null
amolina@unifirst.com	26200	null	null
girl'.'aimee@enron.com	26201	null	null
alj@schouston.com	26202	null	null
julie.a.gomez@enron.com	26203	null	null
denv@hob.com	26204	null	null
donna.redel@weforum.org	26205	null	null
gale_bains@tbwt.com	26206	null	null
douglas.mcneill@verizon.net	26207	null	null
embark.6yb9y17-.cs@news.embark.com	26208	null	null
twomarshalls@hotmail.com	26209	null	null
mhorowitz@hess.com	26210	null	null
maricela.chavez@enron.com	26211	null	null
gene.morris@enron.com	26212	null	null
documents.405416.2545.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	26213	null	null
erica.manuel@edelman.com	26214	null	null
pardelevop@aol.com	26215	null	null
pamela.akin@enron.com	26216	null	null
mpass@kmicorp.com	26217	null	null
michael.savidant@enron.com	26218	null	null
raymond.bowen@enron.com	26219	null	null
chadhmuir@yahoo.com	26220	null	null
hethorne@wharton.upenn.edu	26221	null	null
priese.dennis@enron.com	26222	null	null
bounce-otcjournal-1011326@lyris.otcjournal.com	26223	null	null
elvig'.'molly@enron.com	26224	null	null
fisch23@web.de	26225	null	null
ddomenighini@etrade.com	26226	null	null
lrhoden@rmcv.com	26227	null	null
donh@myr.ci.houston.tx.us	26228	null	null
arguedas@caclaw.net	26229	null	null
visi@processrequest.com	26230	null	null
chochais@sk-enron.com	26231	null	null
jsteimer@chicagobridge.com	26232	null	null
rick.fehl@enron.com	26233	null	null
blake.baltzley@enron.com	26234	null	null
simonc@coned.com	26235	null	null
aabbate@metromediaenergy.com	26236	null	null
rhyte@keyspanenergy.com	26237	null	null
david.crews@enron.com	26238	null	null
mark.neagli@txh.nmss.org	26239	null	null
gas.employees@enron.com	26240	null	null
akrachman@bracepatt.com	26241	null	null
mullimi@texaco.com	26242	null	null
vince_v@hotmail.com	26243	null	null
presley.reeves@enron.com	26244	null	null
karen.carter-willis@enron.com	26245	null	null
karen.carter@enron.com	26245	null	null
ron.matthews@enron.com	26246	null	null
tim_despain.enronxgate.enron@enron.net	26247	null	null
yaralov@usc.edu	26248	null	null
rogersofenron@yahoo.com	26249	null	null
md6773@arabia.com	26250	null	null
fran.l.mayes@enron.com	26251	null	null
fran.mayes@enron.com	26251	null	null
calvin.johnson@enron.com	26252	null	null
cfi1@tca-us.com	26253	null	null
badether@yahoo.com	26254	null	null
greiter@uh.edu	26255	null	null
dmcgown@gotoandlearn.com	26256	null	null
stamas.john@enron.com	26257	null	null
todd.litton@enron.com	26258	null	null
shanda_guillory@aimfunds.com	26259	null	null
qiat@msn.com	26260	null	null
jlgreene@energyadvocates.com	26261	null	null
ballo@pacwestcom.com	26262	null	null
mcappi@aol.com	26263	null	null
crogers@mail.smu.edu	26264	null	null
william.kelly@enron.com	26265	null	null
walt.hamilton@enron.com	26266	null	null
pourchot@enron.com	26267	null	null
aroffwarg@bracepatt.com	26268	null	null
smithtm6@bp.com	26269	null	null
amazonmembership@ofoto.com	26270	null	null
susan.weison@enron.com	26271	null	null
christopher.arntzen@bakerbotts.com	26272	null	null
1800flowers.79112857@s2u2.com	26273	null	null
a.akkerman@pecorp.com	26274	null	null
coralie.evans@enron.com	26275	null	null
debbie.yates@enron.com	26276	null	null
robert_pondiscio@businessweek.com	26277	null	null
ronk@pennenergy.com	26278	null	null
michael.lord@fsa.gov.uk	26279	null	null
dmrickards@marathonoil.com	26280	null	null
976e3ac7-7875-431c-841e-d85197deb2eb.itsimazing.com@itsimazing.etoll.net	26281	null	null
kim.bacon@enron.com	26282	null	null
al.vandarwarka@enron.com	26283	null	null
xochitl-alexis.velasco@enron.com	26284	null	null
milson.mundim@enron.com	26285	null	null
keith.petersen@enron.com	26286	null	null
agbriggs@adamswells.com	26287	null	null
netfinacial@onebox.com	26288	null	null
guy.sharfman@enron.com	26289	null	null
emma.thomson@enron.com	26290	null	null
1800flowers.238145886@s2u2.com	26291	null	null
ftwiley@aol.com	26292	null	null
judgebowen@aol.com	26293	null	null
sally.outlook@enron.com	26294	null	null
staytonweldon@dewittec.net	26295	null	null
todd.guenther@enron.com	26296	null	null
ahglobalhawaii@aol.com	26297	null	null
jsavitt@nyiso.com	26298	null	null
stacey.neuweiler@enron.com	26299	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_052901@airmail.continental.com	26300	null	null
samhill39@msn.com	26301	null	null
newsletterhelp@belointeractive.com	26302	null	null
pinkrulesdaworld@excite.com	26303	null	null
legal.4@enron.com	26304	null	null
ecockrell@cockrell.com	26305	null	null
tsay@chkenergy.com	26306	null	null
travel.enron@enron.com	26307	null	null
sigalphs@wpi.edu	26308	null	null
ricky.oberai@enron.com	26309	null	null
shangle@mbusa.com	26310	null	null
hatter4361@aol.com	26311	null	null
agoddard@nisource.com	26312	null	null
vkamimnski@aol.com	26313	null	null
young.bennett@enron.com	26314	null	null
cwcass@duke-energy.com	26315	null	null
lisa.jacobson@enron.com	26316	null	null
tschlener@fginc.com	26317	null	null
rlfossum@mato.com	26318	null	null
the.shop@enron.com	26319	null	null
mmollland@brobeck.com	26320	null	null
cbssportsline.com_sweepsclub@mail.0mm.com	26321	null	null
shana.farrow@enron.com	26322	null	null
aggieengineer@email.msn.com	26323	null	null
gabriel.fuentes@enron.com	26324	null	null
tjho@dynegy.com	26325	null	null
sause12@yahoo.com	26326	null	null
sassonm@coned.com	26327	null	null
blreese@duke-energy.com	26328	null	null
emmanuel.rengade@enron.com	26329	null	null
brad.noble@enron.com	26330	null	null
zlu@enron.com	26331	null	null
waves512@fuse.net	26332	null	null
gina.karathanos@enron.com	26333	null	null
8777208398.4891940@pagenetmessage.net	26334	null	null
twinegas@aol.com	26335	null	null
lalenastav@yahoo.com	26336	null	null
"dilg@enron.com	26337	null	null
dilg@enron.com	26337	null	null
cayers@aglife.com	26338	null	null
cayers@cmsenergy.com	26338	null	null
cynth'z.sandherr@enron.com	26339	null	null
pthomp23@csc.com	26340	null	null
environ-leadership@mail.abanet.org	26341	null	null
emergency.group@enron.com	26342	null	null
jboseck@espeed.com	26343	null	null
rlmichaelis@hormel.com	26344	null	null
brad.merrell@enron.com	26345	null	null
david.yeager@elpaso.com	26346	null	null
dfullert@nmh.org	26347	null	null
griffin_home@hotmail.com	26348	null	null
jhickey@nyiso.com	26349	null	null
bnthoward@earthlink.net	26350	null	null
geoff.anderson@twa.com	26351	null	null
david.hanslip@enron.com	26352	null	null
nicole.vo@enron.com	26353	null	null
crb0@pge.com	26354	null	null
dhenlry@br-inc.com	26355	null	null
asako.takesaki@bakernet.com	26356	null	null
quotesupport56@excite.com	26357	null	null
daniel.ingberman@lecg.com	26358	null	null
aahmad@enron.com	26359	null	null
giffels.fred@enron.com	26360	null	null
ereece@rayburnelectric.com	26361	null	null
bbb@debt-masters.com	26362	null	null
bob.licato@enron.com	26363	null	null
retailelectricity@ftc.gov	26364	null	null
jpfloom@gkrse-law.com	26365	null	null
ron.weedon@halliburton.com	26366	null	null
jaurbanek@duke-energy.com	26367	null	null
francis.lim@enron.com	26368	null	null
angela_isfahani@hotmail.com	26369	null	null
luxcarts@hawaii.rr.com	26370	null	null
arun.balasundaram@enron.com	26371	null	null
j..witcosky@enron.com	26372	null	null
ric.navy@americas.bnpparibas.com	26373	null	null
art.stappenbeck@enron.com	26374	null	null
gpack@anz.com	26375	null	null
tsntsd@aol.com	26376	null	null
expediafaretracker_035680@expedia.customer-email.com	26377	null	null
eub310hgb@msn.com	26378	null	null
rrussell@fontheiminternational.com	26379	null	null
lepage.melissa@enron.com	26380	null	null
cdean2@enron.com	26381	null	null
cdean2@houston.rr.com	26381	null	null
chaas@paymetric.com	26382	null	null
iubwajvupe@mail2.emediatemail.com	26383	null	null
ibdoffer@netstocks.com	26384	null	null
mary.silva@enron.com	26385	null	null
andy.schroeder@enron.com	26386	null	null
zakiyyah.mcclure@enron.com	26387	null	null
pmf@bdplaw.com	26388	null	null
blackberrysale-33033@connectione.com	26389	null	null
bedford.chris@enron.com	26390	null	null
davis.barbara@enron.com	26391	null	null
jim.meyn@enron.com	26392	null	null
meyn@enron.com	26392	null	null
jmelby@apx.com	26393	null	null
greg.berry@enron.com	26394	null	null
lhelper@wafs.com	26395	null	null
jrt29@msn.com	26396	null	null
stephen.adams@us.cibc.com	26397	null	null
403097.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	26398	null	null
energyreleases@excite.com	26399	null	null
carolyn.graham@enron.com	26400	null	null
nancy.sitz@gte.net	26401	null	null
janet-greene@reliantenergy.com	26402	null	null
kherrman@tristar-gas.com	26403	null	null
travis.mccullough@enron.com	26404	null	null
realbigdeal@postmasterglobal.com	26405	null	null
fmeyers@smi-online.co.uk	26406	null	null
roy.jacob@enron.com	26407	null	null
jmjong@hotmail.com	26408	null	null
jmjong@tmplaw.com	26408	null	null
jillhowevercos@msn.com	26409	null	null
george.mcclellan@enron.com	26410	null	null
paul.dunsmore@enron.com	26411	null	null
vcruve6t1r1q@hotmail.com	26412	null	null
pbsp@feargreed.com	26413	null	null
the.pulse-assoc&analysts@enron.com	26414	null	null
analysts@enron.com	26414	null	null
naomi.bourg@enron.com	26415	null	null
robin.decker@enron.com	26416	null	null
scott.freeman@enron.com	26417	null	null
karen.haynes@disney.com	26418	null	null
coralina.rivera@enron.com	26419	null	null
vbearden@swbell.net	26420	null	null
badranguet@velaw.com	26421	null	null
william.jr@enron.com	26422	null	null
angel.esguerra@enron.com	26423	null	null
richard.hrabal@enron.com	26424	null	null
rene.garza@enron.com	26425	null	null
mcguinn.k@enron.com	26426	null	null
juliebrandimarte@hotmail.com	26427	null	null
kim.weldon@enron.com	26428	null	null
andrea.richards@enron.com	26429	null	null
claudia.guerra@enron.com	26430	null	null
rates.group@enron.com	26431	null	null
brian.merrill@enron.com	26432	null	null
ihomeowner_inc_.ue.w4663.x21998924@ixs2.net	26433	null	null
rtaylor@akllp.com	26434	null	null
sdonehoo@mcclarty.com	26435	null	null
sdonehoo@mclarty.com	26435	null	null
y.martin@enron.com	26436	null	null
lmacktal@cmta.net	26437	null	null
jabney@prestonexpl.com	26438	null	null
paulette.obrecht@enron.com	26439	null	null
yevgeny.frolov@enron.com	26440	null	null
frolov@enron.com	26440	null	null
roseyl@bp.com	26441	null	null
sdelgado_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	26442	null	null
robert.tomlinson@elpaso.com	26443	null	null
erected@enrollmentsd.int	26444	null	null
rebeccam@pocketmail.com	26445	null	null
jeana_mac@yahoo.com	26446	null	null
gracie.garay@enron.com	26447	null	null
tomcones@gulfcoastpipeline.com	26448	null	null
joe274@mail.777.net	26449	null	null
kenny.w.baldwin@accenture.com	26450	null	null
onuxp@personal.ro	26451	null	null
tradingnews447577@yahoo.com	26452	null	null
zachary.streight@enron.com	26453	null	null
anthony.campos@enron.com	26454	null	null
a..campos@enron.com	26454	null	null
2.3984.5c-p9gzsfre6ezq.1@cda01.cdnow.com	26455	null	null
mmalloy@naruc.org	26456	null	null
ddiamond@houston.rr.com	26457	null	null
diederich545@yahoo.com	26458	null	null
mark.wadlington@enron.com	26459	null	null
gtcalendar@socalgas.com	26460	null	null
gwadsworth@midf.com	26461	null	null
m..harmon@enron.com	26462	null	null
jnduncan@aol.com	26463	null	null
allan.p.sarman@boeing.com	26464	null	null
ross_berthelot@bankone.com	26465	null	null
jlpnymex@aol.com	26466	null	null
judy.kudym@enron.com	26467	null	null
brunm@andrews-kurth.com	26468	null	null
m-krueger@kellogg.nwu.edu	26469	null	null
demers.nicolas@enron.com	26470	null	null
leticia.smith@enron.com	26471	null	null
marianne.castano@enron.com	26472	null	null
anchordesk_daily@anchordesk.zdlists.com	26473	null	null
scullylj@yahoo.com	26474	null	null
vicki.sharp@enron.com	26475	null	null
jerry.bubert@enron.com	26476	null	null
lynda.clemmons@enron.com	26477	null	null
ed.clark@enron.com	26478	null	null
dperino@ncgpn.com	26479	null	null
bkerns@duke-energy.com	26480	null	null
kllay@enron.com	26481	null	null
bjfaulkner@dow.com	26482	null	null
legalevans@enron.com	26483	null	null
morning22@alerts.equityalert.com	26484	null	null
robert.a.seekely@us.arthurandersen.com	26485	null	null
mmcconn3@ei.enron.com	26486	null	null
m2hvevcywj@hotmail.com	26487	null	null
dianne.seib@enron.com	26488	null	null
trifecta01.17@reply.pm0.net	26489	null	null
sssharma@aep.com	26490	null	null
chudson@iepa.com	26491	null	null
coolidge.dave@enron.com	26492	null	null
ecthou_gt2@enron.com	26493	null	null
james.javins@enron.com	26494	null	null
oisotm@wharton.upenn.edu	26495	null	null
maxim.philippov@enron.com	26496	null	null
sfalbie@msn.com	26497	null	null
scott.communications@enron.com	26498	null	null
ortiz.mary@enron.com	26499	null	null
vptu1to7w1@hotmail.com	26500	null	null
jupiter@citicorp.com	26501	null	null
meryl.barnett@enron.com	26502	null	null
lyle.larkworthy@enron.com	26503	null	null
sbofni@yahoo.com	26504	null	null
cynthia.harkness@enron.com	26505	null	null
jgriffiths@nisource.com	26506	null	null
trandyyoung@enron.com	26507	null	null
sholtzm@enron.com	26508	null	null
tmcgill@nisource.com	26509	null	null
insynconline.6rfm40vw.d@insync-palm.com	26510	null	null
caldwell.sue@enron.com	26511	null	null
neal.d.winfree@enron.com	26512	null	null
jnthnjng@hotmail.com	26513	null	null
sandra.haskins@pgnmail.com	26514	null	null
sbrewer@capital-sources.com	26515	null	null
v&v.force@enron.com	26516	null	null
timothy15447sdg6917@yahoo.com	26517	null	null
josabank_online.um.a.12.585@vremail.com	26518	null	null
gloria.alvarez@enron.com	26519	null	null
gdubin@houstontech.org	26520	null	null
mgarrett@mailbmc.com	26521	null	null
yixter@primenet.com	26522	null	null
ppndg@188.net	26523	null	null
iamimhotep@aol.com	26524	null	null
jeremymcbryan@netscape.net	26525	null	null
vito.muggeo@giustizia.it	26526	null	null
sharont@mcn.net	26527	null	null
billbbeach@hotmail.com	26528	null	null
mary.ward@enron.com	26529	null	null
leticia.barrios@enron.com	26530	null	null
tstraws@qwest.com	26531	null	null
aaron.armstrong@enron.com	26532	null	null
aaron.armstrong@enron.co.uk	26532	null	null
tony.chang@enron.com	26533	null	null
kenneth.d.schall@us.andersen.com	26534	null	null
schall@stoel.com	26534	null	null
jeremiahdeberry@paulhastings.com	26535	null	null
debbie.riall@enron.com	26536	null	null
federico.cerisoli@enron.com	26537	null	null
jason.barra@enron.com	26538	null	null
randal.frisbie@enron.com	26539	null	null
dgroves@wslc.org	26540	null	null
ann.lofton@compassbnk.com	26541	null	null
p1729@topmail.dk	26542	null	null
expediafaretracker_031187@expedia.customer-email.com	26543	null	null
rafi.khan@enron.com	26544	null	null
debbie.doyle@enron.com	26545	null	null
abe.riazati@iim-ar.com	26546	null	null
tobias.munk@enron.com	26547	null	null
tobias@adorama.com	26547	null	null
myrecords@etrade.com	26548	null	null
megan.scott@enron.com	26549	null	null
dmoreland@austin.rr.com	26550	null	null
elaine.harkins@enron.com	26551	null	null
aimee.shek@enron.com	26552	null	null
cheryl.lipshutz@enron.com	26553	null	null
msngamingzone_030840@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	26554	null	null
robert_donohoo@i2.com	26555	null	null
mbrown52@csc.com	26556	null	null
jsdang@hotmail.com	26557	null	null
associate.pool@enron.com	26558	null	null
g.aarti@enron.com	26559	null	null
kyle.lilly@enron.com	26560	null	null
non-houston.dl-crm@enron.com	26561	null	null
yde".'"chris@enron.com	26562	null	null
lhjamail@aol.com	26563	null	null
kristen.lemkau@chase.com	26564	null	null
earningswhispers@wd10.com	26565	null	null
pru-gff-cbot@att.net	26566	null	null
dhudanish@brobeck.com	26567	null	null
eoria@nebar.com	26568	null	null
mglatz@caiso.com	26569	null	null
damon.geneva@prodigy.net	26570	null	null
willtg@hotmail.com	26571	null	null
health-html@emazing.com	26572	null	null
hawker44@hotmail.com	26573	null	null
abelr@citizenspower.com	26574	null	null
n12377@extra.hu	26575	null	null
ray.noseff@enron.com	26576	null	null
samantha.clark-childs@exxonmobil.com	26577	null	null
sullivan.rick@enron.com	26578	null	null
daniel.falcone@enron.com	26579	null	null
robin.long@enron.com	26580	null	null
mark.jones@rwetrading.com	26581	null	null
mark'.'jones@enron.com	26581	null	null
mark.jones@enron.com	26581	null	null
swhite11@houston.rr.com	26582	null	null
changes.enron@enron.com	26583	null	null
enron.changes@enron.com	26583	null	null
1systemplanning@ercot.com	26584	null	null
paris@fma.org	26585	null	null
blake.estes@cwt.com	26586	null	null
schauvin@akingump.com	26587	null	null
bret.bayley@cigna.com	26588	null	null
ees.cross@enron.com	26589	null	null
wdriver@kslaw.com	26590	null	null
kirk.neuner@enron.com	26591	null	null
cretdim2@yahoo.com	26592	null	null
ian.glover@enron.com	26593	null	null
discovercard_newsflash@discover.qrs1.net	26594	null	null
prial.greg@enron.com	26595	null	null
lynna.kacal@enron.com	26596	null	null
timothy.erday@painewebber.com	26597	null	null
blanca.bollom@enron.com	26598	null	null
therman@wilmingtontrust.com	26599	null	null
bmartin@mdck.com	26600	null	null
eklavya.sareen@enron.com	26601	null	null
idel.metzger@enron.com	26602	null	null
lavergne_schwender@co.harris.tx.us	26603	null	null
tim_koller@mckinsey.com	26604	null	null
onepass_050301a@airmail.continental.com	26605	null	null
jake.staffel@enron.com	26606	null	null
carlos.contreras@enron.com	26607	null	null
tropicair@bt1.net	26608	null	null
tropicair@btl.n	26608	null	null
robert.chandler@enron.com	26609	null	null
sylwesterr@usa.net	26610	null	null
ex_infirme@yahoo.com	26611	null	null
jerian@haas.berkeley.edu	26612	null	null
c77lrwuc@msn.com	26613	null	null
spencer.120@osu.edu	26614	null	null
grados_julio@hotmail.com	26615	null	null
spaceman@getus.com	26616	null	null
xhwadxpwgp@newmail.ru	26617	null	null
hollymitchel@dwt.com	26618	null	null
hbsp.565@hbsp.ed10.net	26619	null	null
rudolf@mail.utexas.edu	26620	null	null
steven.ehrig@enron.com	26621	null	null
hdw1@water.ca.gov	26622	null	null
mike.ellison@rbcds.com	26623	null	null
kelli.boltz@txh.nmss.org	26624	null	null
paulcooley@mail.ev1.net	26625	null	null
mmiller3@austin.rr.com	26626	null	null
tgroup@compaq.com	26627	null	null
adfxh@gandalf.otago.ac.nz	26628	null	null
robin_gunter@i2.com	26629	null	null
bill.votaw@enron.com	26630	null	null
rmendoza@mail.mdanderson.org	26631	null	null
rmendoza@mdanderson.org	26631	null	null
barry.steinhart@enron.com	26632	null	null
mbernst@enron.com	26633	null	null
mjhow55@islc.net	26634	null	null
francisca.juarez@enron.com	26635	null	null
john_steenberg@enron.com	26636	null	null
bobbygerry@hotmail.com	26637	null	null
marjorie.b.marker@arthurandersen.com	26638	null	null
rportis@earthlink.net	26639	null	null
llawson@ftenergy.com	26640	null	null
kent.beebe@enron.com	26641	null	null
benhill2@yahoo.com	26642	null	null
peter.redpath@enron.com	26643	null	null
lillian.villarreal@enron.com	26644	null	null
davje@gardere.com	26645	null	null
mansker.susie@enron.com	26646	null	null
archietke@yahoo.com	26647	null	null
carrie.richardson@enron.com	26648	null	null
david.hultsman@enron.com	26649	null	null
jynell.holliday@enron.com	26650	null	null
4b2b8695-dda6-41b0-821c-d9bc65bf14d4.itsimazing.com@itsimazing.etoll.net	26651	null	null
dtencellent@prebon.com	26652	null	null
a_la_zing@meals.alazing.com	26653	null	null
becky.young@enron.com	26654	null	null
whitallen@surepowercorp.com	26655	null	null
steve.kalmus@enron.com	26656	null	null
andrew.bracken@csfb.com	26657	null	null
jtoland@forrester.com	26658	null	null
calvin.eakins@enron.com	26659	null	null
frances.reese@enron.com	26660	null	null
unal.karakas@enron.com	26661	null	null
bidconfirm@ebay.com	26662	null	null
bevjahn@yahoo.com	26663	null	null
prubertone@keyspanenergy.com	26664	null	null
anna.jansson@enron.com	26665	null	null
jansson@mindspring.com	26665	null	null
ssamoff@mccoyinc.com	26666	null	null
events2001@enron.com	26667	null	null
lisayoho@hotmail.com	26668	null	null
bob.thurber@enron.com	26669	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_029940@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	26670	null	null
lawrencelrtnmt@aol.com	26671	null	null
krpff@email.itl.net.ua	26672	null	null
ronald.slimp@enron.com	26673	null	null
jkfrizzley@yahoo.com	26674	null	null
terri.walker@enron.com	26675	null	null
general.announcement@enron.com	26676	null	null
jmorrissey@mdbe.com	26677	null	null
pdoggett1@hotmail.com	26678	null	null
matthew.easton@enron.com	26679	null	null
pjzz@aol.com	26680	null	null
drerup@enron.com	26681	null	null
phillip.schumacher@enron.com	26682	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3307@lists.smartmoney.com	26683	null	null
jmil@ou.edu	26684	null	null
stoney.buchanan@enron.com	26685	null	null
jodi.thrasher@enron.com	26686	null	null
george.quittner@enron.com	26687	null	null
anita.khosla@csfb.com	26688	null	null
wilcox.jonathan@enron.com	26689	null	null
veruki@rice.edu	26690	null	null
derek4685@yahoo.com	26691	null	null
marie.allex@enron.com	26692	null	null
lara.fields@enron.com	26693	null	null
mswan@psilink.co.je	26694	null	null
robbie.lewis@enron.com	26695	null	null
20directors@caiso.com	26696	null	null
dlbatten@duke-energy.com	26697	null	null
bill.osborne@enron.com	26698	null	null
dquigle@ect.enron.com	26699	null	null
mary.perkins@enron.com	26700	null	null
2.2873.72-cxtvsrmukelc.1@cda01.cdnow.com	26701	null	null
moazzam.khoja@enron.com	26702	null	null
rjenkins13@aol.com	26703	null	null
enrique.lenci@enron.com	26704	null	null
dstjean@tosco.com	26705	null	null
devynck@arl.mil	26706	null	null
kdoole@mh.com	26707	null	null
frank.senders@pandora.be	26708	null	null
zarin.imam@enron.com	26709	null	null
dpraisl@buckman.com	26710	null	null
danny.ex@enron.com	26711	null	null
dale.stef@flash.net	26712	null	null
nell.browning@enron.com	26713	null	null
cole.brown@enron.com	26714	null	null
daryl.dworkin@americas.bnpparibas.com	26715	null	null
balleman@kerrmcgee.com	26716	null	null
johnsonr@asme.org	26717	null	null
anne.jolibois@enron.com	26718	null	null
pkhoury@power-gas.com	26719	null	null
investnewswire@utarget.sparklist.com	26720	null	null
boneil@ensr.com	26721	null	null
dfulton@enron.com	26722	null	null
liliana.chiu@ubsw.com	26723	null	null
tigger5luv@birdieon18winsit.com	26724	null	null
jsporzynski@ica-group.org	26725	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.105607@joinmail.ccbn.com	26726	null	null
chris_b_busch@yahoo.com	26727	null	null
dawn.derr@enron.com	26728	null	null
uzbbr5ejt@hotmail.com	26729	null	null
hotttiop@mailman.enron.com	26730	null	null
ryang@amerexenergy.com	26731	null	null
ryang@enron.com	26731	null	null
jf23@columbia.edu	26732	null	null
dhamel@velaw.com	26733	null	null
rasmani.bhattacharya@enron.com	26734	null	null
jim.perrello@reuters.com	26735	null	null
lara.berry@enron.com	26736	null	null
tang.bob@enron.com	26737	null	null
michelle_dorsett@dell.com	26738	null	null
business_alert@listserv.dowjones.com	26739	null	null
clarka@calpine.com	26740	null	null
gay.arnold@enron.com	26741	null	null
scollins@vailresorts.com	26742	null	null
mhk@heinzctr.org	26743	null	null
winifred.isaac@enron.com	26744	null	null
sbeinart@u.washington.edu	26745	null	null
czophy@aol.com	26746	null	null
coach@coach.m0.net	26747	null	null
jempol@epsa.org	26748	null	null
angel.fuller@enron.com	26749	null	null
adam.kulick@ssmb.com	26750	null	null
stempel.trina@enron.com	26751	null	null
danita.cole@enron.com	26752	null	null
pfse@dynegy.com	26753	null	null
hermalin@haas.berkeley.edu	26754	null	null
newsletter-request@lists.houstonpress.com	26755	null	null
viagranow7853@yahoo.com	26756	null	null
valerie.petersen@yale.edu	26757	null	null
marlene.cameron@enron.com	26758	null	null
pjohara@netzero.net	26759	null	null
zeus1@olp.net	26760	null	null
nelsonb@rice.edu	26761	null	null
wdulle@amerenenergy.com	26762	null	null
migeorge@deloitte.ca	26763	null	null
jeremyszeto@aol.com	26764	null	null
colleen.redmond@enron.com	26765	null	null
eblastoff@rocketball.com	26766	null	null
jeffseely_009035@netstock.customer-email.com	26767	null	null
marek.musiela@bnpparibas.com	26768	null	null
randy.pais@enron.com	26769	null	null
mortimer.bravo@blueyonder.co.uk	26770	null	null
collegeflags@aol.com	26771	null	null
rewards_newsletter@sportsline.com	26772	null	null
larry_kanarek@mckinsey.com	26773	null	null
mlagle@coair.com	26774	null	null
domestications.198273363@s2u2.com	26775	null	null
dianne.langeland@enron.com	26776	null	null
ddechiaro@nyiso.com	26777	null	null
golbergd@sullcrom.com	26778	null	null
shirley.mckernan@enron.com	26779	null	null
jriches@cmsenergy.com	26780	null	null
warren.perry@enron.com	26781	null	null
allen.c.capps@us.andersen.com	26782	null	null
dbld@chevron.com	26783	null	null
janet.edwards@enron.com	26784	null	null
sstofer@reliant.com	26785	null	null
mpierce446@aol.com	26786	null	null
aalberty@yahoo.com	26787	null	null
wdbodine@aol.com	26788	null	null
team.gallup-sta5@enron.com	26789	null	null
sglass@foundrynet.com	26790	null	null
3myjd9@msn.com	26791	null	null
rlebovitz@suma.com	26792	null	null
all_enron_international@enron.com	26793	null	null
will.smith@enron.com	26794	null	null
will.smith@asm.ca.gov	26794	null	null
jo.olsovsky@enron.com	26795	null	null
walkewf@auburn.edu	26796	null	null
fquebbemann@the-beach.net	26797	null	null
kc1tom@aol.com	26798	null	null
rob.smith@dynegy.com	26799	null	null
cossette.helene@hydro.qc.ca	26800	null	null
candace.schauer@ubsw.com	26801	null	null
jonathan.moulds@bankofamerica.com	26802	null	null
carlos.ruiz@enron.com	26803	null	null
ets1@mail.ev1.net	26804	null	null
bradley.aiken@enron.com	26805	null	null
mpk9@aol.com	26806	null	null
rocksearch@aol.com	26807	null	null
rickm@wt.net	26808	null	null
naalnijo@aol.com	26809	null	null
9162262@skytel.com	26810	null	null
gerard.krenek@enron.com	26811	null	null
david.holland@enron.com	26812	null	null
574774@egyptsun.com	26813	null	null
jerryball@eogresources.com	26814	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5292638-5269402-4x3wat1b@tumble2.datek.com	26815	null	null
elaine.tombaugh@enron.com	26816	null	null
kathryn.corbally@enron.com	26817	null	null
samantha.davidson@enron.com	26818	null	null
nannyof8@aol.com	26819	null	null
mkweinert@msn.com	26820	null	null
dwalker@rmef.org	26821	null	null
amozes@covad.com	26822	null	null
freeservice5755@telkom.net	26823	null	null
dchrist2@enron.com	26824	null	null
hal.chappelle@mirant.com	26825	null	null
dale.neuner@enron.com	26826	null	null
michael.fleisher@gartner.com	26827	null	null
gaslist@intcx.com	26828	null	null
dthudson@duke-energy.com	26829	null	null
thechicagobraintrust@sitevisions.unitymail.net	26830	null	null
carina_belmont@post.com	26831	null	null
matthew.crouse@enron.com	26832	null	null
marcierom@yahoo.com	26833	null	null
tricia.schultz@gaiam.com	26834	null	null
robinparsons@earthlink.net	26835	null	null
tom.nemila@enron.com	26836	null	null
patrice.1.mims@enron.com	26837	null	null
looksee@rocketmail.com	26838	null	null
hsherer@earthlink.net	26839	null	null
wester.connie@enron.com	26840	null	null
457170.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	26841	null	null
james.garland@reuters.com	26842	null	null
scott.billingsley@enron.com	26843	null	null
reyna.cabrera@enron.com	26844	null	null
brenda.whitehead@enron.com	26845	null	null
hochman@taxlitigator.com	26846	null	null
tarm27@texas.net	26847	null	null
fred_pownall@ka-pow.com	26848	null	null
halloween_treats@mp3.com	26849	null	null
brians@mobileairwaves.com	26850	null	null
elaine.esparza@enron.com	26851	null	null
tebarker@stoel.com	26852	null	null
jtxrutltx@superemailservice.com	26853	null	null
jeannine.peaker@idrc.org	26854	null	null
mcgarrymusic@yahoo.com	26855	null	null
jonathan.gaskill@enron.com	26856	null	null
ofsrep.wfwgw@wellsfargo.com	26857	null	null
mmcquay@caiso.com	26858	null	null
wmonjoy@brunini.com	26859	null	null
dsgeorge@firstworld.net	26860	null	null
ruth.schonfeld@macleoddixon.com	26861	null	null
barocha@msn.com	26862	null	null
kittels@bu.edu	26863	null	null
dortha.gray@enron.com	26864	null	null
nagesh.kavi@enron.com	26865	null	null
pbwu10g@msn.com	26866	null	null
alannou@enron.com	26867	null	null
amirco@email.msn.com	26868	null	null
ilyse_mckimmie@sundance.org	26869	null	null
gapres@webtv.net	26870	null	null
ron.irvine@enron.com	26871	null	null
kohmae@work.ohmae.co.jp	26872	null	null
stacey.aune@enron.com	26873	null	null
gayle.c.hayter@usa.conoco.com	26874	null	null
gayle.c.hayter@conoco.com	26874	null	null
eddie.moses@enron.com	26875	null	null
knkeiser@aol.com	26876	null	null
gina.corteselli@enron.com	26877	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_041701@airmail.continental.com	26878	null	null
donna.lowry@enron.com	26879	null	null
lower@mediatrec.roi1.net	26880	null	null
karen.campos@enron.com	26881	null	null
outlook.2000@enron.com	26882	null	null
destination2012@aol.com	26883	null	null
palmannouncements.6rzqb7lt.d@insync-palm.com	26884	null	null
djp@maininc.org	26885	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.4065@lists.smartmoney.com	26886	null	null
tim_hanna@hotmail.com	26887	null	null
barbara.cain@enron.com	26888	null	null
wired@condenast.flonetwork.com	26889	null	null
regan.grice@funb.com	26890	null	null
regan.grice@wachovia.com	26890	null	null
gruberg@epenergy.com	26891	null	null
christina.garza@enron.com	26892	null	null
bill.bowes@enron.com	26893	null	null
alison.keogh@enron.com	26894	null	null
suave1y2g@hotmail.com	26895	null	null
joe_a_hays@oxy.com	26896	null	null
pshapiro06@aol.com	26897	null	null
katieh@ruf.rice.edu	26898	null	null
timothy.versacci@enron.com	26899	null	null
bromero@sdlintl.com	26900	null	null
wwputnam@midamerican.com	26901	null	null
sms-banking-html-request@mailing.smartmoneylist.com	26902	null	null
bradmars@yahoo.com	26903	null	null
david_r_peterson@yahoo.com	26904	null	null
ty9erlily@hotmail.com	26905	null	null
avalles@kpcb.com	26906	null	null
matthew.crain@enron.com	26907	null	null
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com	26908	null	null
monica.l.bronwn@accenture.com	26909	null	null
terris.kyle-watson@enron.com	26910	null	null
girly069buf@aol.com	26911	null	null
snow.nick@enron.com	26912	null	null
acrawford@sonypictures.com	26913	null	null
chris.luttrell@enron.com	26914	null	null
excite@info.excite.com	26915	null	null
samberkovits@yahoo.com	26916	null	null
doug.sewell@enron.com	26917	null	null
wayne.thompson@chase.com	26918	null	null
getmorechannels2@hotmail.com	26919	null	null
renee.pena@enron.com	26920	null	null
jepson.valerie@enron.com	26921	null	null
susan.wheeler@enron.com	26922	null	null
john.nanof@enron.com	26923	null	null
00968447774.fax@hoegh.no	26924	null	null
william.giuliani@enron.com	26925	null	null
mckenzie.stuart@enron.com	26926	null	null
mckenzie@enron.com	26926	null	null
mihipolito@juno.com	26927	null	null
gdavid@mdck.com	26928	null	null
casey415@earthlink.net	26929	null	null
mbrousse@kinkaid.org	26930	null	null
angela.wilson@enron.com	26931	null	null
pamela.carter@enron.com	26932	null	null
william.gang@enron.com	26933	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.78009@joinmail.ccbn.com	26934	null	null
mimmergut@milbank.com	26935	null	null
tlokey@enron.com	26936	null	null
lansford.david@enron.com	26937	null	null
paul.e.ybarbo@worldnet.att.net	26938	null	null
darryl.miles@enron.com	26939	null	null
anthony.wilson@enron.com	26940	null	null
jgazelle@pcm.net	26941	null	null
jtisdale@jhancock.com	26942	null	null
john.lyons@citicorp.com	26943	null	null
rrice@enron.com	26944	null	null
southern.group@enron.com	26945	null	null
themarshalls1@hotmail.com	26946	null	null
nessi.arteaga@enron.com	26947	null	null
gregor.baumerich@enron.com	26948	null	null
jaywerth@hotmail.com	26949	null	null
perkins.kathy@enron.com	26950	null	null
etelvina.guerra@enron.com	26951	null	null
aradernyc@hotmail.com	26952	null	null
fcubedoffers@funfreefast.po-1.com	26953	null	null
bgodthing@aol.com	26954	null	null
joesph.cialone@bakerbotts.com	26955	null	null
5038075669@mobile.att.net	26956	null	null
c..willard@enron.com	26957	null	null
jon.alstad@enron.com	26958	null	null
raicher@kmz.com	26959	null	null
james.barker@enron.com	26960	null	null
rgrossa@pnm.com	26961	null	null
ckmadi@aol.com	26962	null	null
1800flowers.238953685@s2u2.com	26963	null	null
barbette_watts@i2.com	26964	null	null
hirosakaguchi@omanlng.co.om	26965	null	null
wurster.tom@enron.com	26966	null	null
lneslage@kslaw.com	26967	null	null
agoldberg@compubank.com	26968	null	null
agoldberg@lgl.twc.com	26968	null	null
christopher_quaranta@notes.teradyne.com	26969	null	null
nicholle.henry@enron.com	26970	null	null
gbowen@anaheim.net	26971	null	null
cuqrt26thrn@hotmail.com	26972	null	null
ssusanbalmer@aol.com	26973	null	null
stanford@enron.com	26974	null	null
upset_and_jobless@hotmail.com	26975	null	null
blockspecials@ntls1.digitalriver.com	26976	null	null
illytig@indy.net	26977	null	null
moore.john.e@worldnet.att.net	26978	null	null
laura.dewett@enron.com	26979	null	null
paul.leclair@home.com	26980	null	null
thomas.funk@msdw.com	26981	null	null
ahorsman@ccemtl.org	26982	null	null
delashaw.tom@enron.com	26983	null	null
john.gray@greenmountain.com	26984	null	null
dpickett@mdbe.com	26985	null	null
m.perlman@enron.com	26986	null	null
dan.reck@enron.com	26987	null	null
jkcarruth@fedex.com	26988	null	null
galkowski83@hotmail.com	26989	null	null
kurtwise@juno.com	26990	null	null
syyoun@skadden.com	26991	null	null
cdalpho@columbiaenergygroup.com	26992	null	null
oei22@elefantoes.com	26993	null	null
everan01@hotmail.com	26994	null	null
bhanson@lhom.com	26995	null	null
wheeler_charles@jpmorgan.com	26996	null	null
alove770@cs.com	26997	null	null
zandra.kafarela@enron.com	26998	null	null
kevinlecocq@genre.com	26999	null	null
antiqstyle@aol.com	27000	null	null
tedenloe@hotmail.com	27001	null	null
julie.love@enron.com	27002	null	null
doug.nelson@enron.com	27003	null	null
smartbuys1@excite.com	27004	null	null
ctilghman@tucsonelectric.com	27005	null	null
thestreet35@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	27006	null	null
bairdd@pom-emh1.army.mil	27007	null	null
foolboards@fool.com	27008	null	null
john.l.donnelly@ssmb.com	27009	null	null
francois_glemet@mckinsey.com	27010	null	null
dmahoney@tularik.com	27011	null	null
dklick@nwfpa.org	27012	null	null
wjwjr99@yahoo.com	27013	null	null
ewis".'"karen@enron.com	27014	null	null
amanda_bobb@rmic.com	27015	null	null
daronoff@greylock.com	27016	null	null
p1419@mixmail.com	27017	null	null
dedhed@bestweb.net	27018	null	null
robyn.zivic@enron.com	27019	null	null
rachelk@debner.com	27020	null	null
watchlist.dl-crm@enron.com	27021	null	null
postke755@yahoo.com	27022	null	null
gciglobal@opt-in.coopt.com	27023	null	null
jrcoun@yahoo.com	27024	null	null
sfsiren@yahoo.com	27025	null	null
shop.microsoft.com@sweepsclub.com	27026	null	null
requests.sql@enron.com	27027	null	null
zena_v_reynolds@dom.com	27028	null	null
nqeb5e6@msn.com	27029	null	null
richard.burchfield@enron.com	27030	null	null
paul.trieschman@enron.com	27031	null	null
scott.foulk@spirentcom.com	27032	null	null
jay.smith@enron.com	27033	null	null
credit.trading@enron.com	27034	null	null
amanda.day@enron.com	27035	null	null
survey.test@enron.com	27036	null	null
tbwl20011126@ombramarketing.com	27037	null	null
rwilson@merchantcapitalinc.com	27038	null	null
eprmconf@asiarisk.com.hk	27039	null	null
blinnehan@hanovermeasurement.com	27040	null	null
shannon.ed@enron.com	27041	null	null
athesman@netzero.net	27042	null	null
bykegods@cs.com	27043	null	null
vance.ratliff@enron.com	27044	null	null
charleswilliams@chaswil.com	27045	null	null
jeremy.morris@enron.com	27046	null	null
jian.miao@enron.com	27047	null	null
sam.leonardo@enron.com	27048	null	null
57908.email_server@mailman.pgn.com	27049	null	null
ellen.wallumrod@enron.com	27050	null	null
gary.buck@enron.com	27051	null	null
purogallo@yahoo.com	27052	null	null
mfischer@enron.com	27053	null	null
kcarrlcsw@aol.com	27054	null	null
agaur@tjbc.coj	27055	null	null
rodney.malcolm@enron.com	27056	null	null
jfeldman@mofo.com	27057	null	null
securityadmin@apollogrp.edu	27058	null	null
buddy_binkley@eott.com	27059	null	null
sarah.zarkowsky@enron.com	27060	null	null
fhakim@home.com	27061	null	null
richard.wilson@tmp.com	27062	null	null
goneill@internetcapital.com	27063	null	null
meg.brooks@bus.utexas.edu	27064	null	null
r15190@24horas.com	27065	null	null
serialdreamer@usa.net	27066	null	null
kvera@haas.berkeley.edu	27067	null	null
christine_zerilli@lotus.com	27068	null	null
kmahmoud@austin.rr.com	27069	null	null
patricia.slaughter@enron.com	27070	null	null
dbolish@amgen.com	27071	null	null
proyacht@aol.com	27072	null	null
arm@phaser.com	27073	null	null
arm@enron.com	27073	null	null
jdrsmr@mindspring.com	27074	null	null
steven.kessler@enron.com	27075	null	null
steven.kessler@db.com	27075	null	null
aolanywheregames@pogo.com	27076	null	null
kc.1906901.1056.0@kc-mx.avantgo.com	27077	null	null
mike.kotubey@enron.com	27078	null	null
george_wayne@fpl.com	27079	null	null
snareles@hotmail.com	27080	null	null
jzales@fletcher.alumlink.com	27081	null	null
lkapustka@oppd.com	27082	null	null
laura.jewett@bakerbotts.com	27083	null	null
cenglish@tnpe.com	27084	null	null
tore_myrholt@mckinsey.com	27085	null	null
jyl@enron.com	27086	null	null
edtgroup@eei.org	27087	null	null
janine.treader@enron.com	27088	null	null
andyjohnson@nicor.com	27089	null	null
andyjohnson@nicorenergy.com	27089	null	null
andrew.marsden@enron.com	27090	null	null
awalia@ei.enron.com	27091	null	null
awalia@enron.com	27091	null	null
john.belew@enron.com	27092	null	null
pnpatel@tecoenergy.com	27093	null	null
non.employees@enron.com	27094	null	null
mbartholomew@vignette.com	27095	null	null
cgoodman@energymarketers.com	27096	null	null
dministrator@houstontech.org	27097	null	null
jjcardiff@duke-energy.com	27098	null	null
stewart.peter@enron.com	27099	null	null
duong.luu@enron.com	27100	null	null
mcintire@enron.com	27101	null	null
storm-help@lists.hurricanecentral.com	27102	null	null
joking21@hotmail.com	27103	null	null
virginia.cook@cinergy.com	27104	null	null
rgreenehold@heliosgroup.com	27105	null	null
montek@questar.com	27106	null	null
bob.sparger@enron.com	27107	null	null
mikeedvm@bemybabey.com	27108	null	null
amerikosus@yahoo.com	27109	null	null
kammmac@netshel.net	27110	null	null
s..friedman@enron.com	27111	null	null
bob.schorr@enron.com	27112	null	null
cindy.wisemiller@enron.com	27113	null	null
scharnberger-armin@t-online.de	27114	null	null
mpark@pacifier.com	27115	null	null
amit_990in@yahoo.co.in	27116	null	null
dananddeb@novagate.com	27117	null	null
vpetrov@vpetrov.com	27118	null	null
newprize@help.iwon.com	27119	null	null
charlotte.banks@enron.com	27120	null	null
connieargento@paulhastings.com	27121	null	null
billie.akhave@enron.com	27122	null	null
andrew.hawthorn@enron.com	27123	null	null
kenroman@worldnet.att.net	27124	null	null
scasey@tfsbrokers.com	27125	null	null
javier.espinoza@enron.com	27126	null	null
patrick.gibson@lyondell.com	27127	null	null
fs1/bluestn"@uunet.uu.net@enron.com	27128	null	null
mark.powell@enron.com	27129	null	null
jon.moreno@enron.com	27130	null	null
boldham@reliant.com	27131	null	null
mbboesen@yahoo.com	27132	null	null
bandrews257@aol.com	27133	null	null
bill_martin@dell.com	27134	null	null
workshops@businessweek.com	27135	null	null
ium9rcsm6@msn.com	27136	null	null
bearbennett1@aol.com	27137	null	null
childejo@us.ibm.com	27138	null	null
mark.begley@enron.com	27139	null	null
keylowr@yahoo.com	27140	null	null
jcoffee491@aol.com	27141	null	null
jcurreri@ensr.com	27142	null	null
william.plunkett@enron.com	27143	null	null
cchilders@cbs.com	27144	null	null
barry.vanderhorst@enron.com	27145	null	null
cmkrishna@bangaloreit.com	27146	null	null
daveike@rice.edu	27147	null	null
bhutt@ankarcapital.com	27148	null	null
vgarrity@iso-ne.com	27149	null	null
dante.martin@enron.com	27150	null	null
r..lilly@enron.com	27151	null	null
bill.abler@enron.com	27152	null	null
connie.levo@compaq.com	27153	null	null
jesse.villarreal@enron.com	27154	null	null
trycooper@hotmail.com	27155	null	null
xchange_031677@xchange.customer-email.com	27156	null	null
jost.barbara@enron.com	27157	null	null
robin.treadwell@enron.com	27158	null	null
mario.benitez@enron.com	27159	null	null
karen.bergman@enron.com	27160	null	null
fushoo1@yahoo.com	27161	null	null
gbsonnta@utmb.edu	27162	null	null
mikehut@aol.com	27163	null	null
fersam@lab.students.stcl.edu	27164	null	null
cupid@customoffers.com	27165	null	null
aneela.charania@enron.com	27166	null	null
chris_schwab@dom.com	27167	null	null
meg.meiser@spiegelmcd.com	27168	null	null
cindy.hudler@enron.com	27169	null	null
chad.south@enron.com	27170	null	null
l..barbour@enron.com	27171	null	null
boydjas@hotmail.com	27172	null	null
deborah.flores@enron.com	27173	null	null
sking@tindallfoster.com	27174	null	null
hla@dps.state.ny.us	27175	null	null
stephanie.severs@enron.com	27176	null	null
michael.mitcham@enron.com	27177	null	null
alex.huang@enron.com	27178	null	null
julie.clyatt@enron.com	27179	null	null
mark.frevert@enron.com	27180	null	null
getttinghits0@yuhan.co.kr	27181	null	null
gary.bush@enron.com	27182	null	null
emaddox@seawestwindpower.com	27183	null	null
dlarson@nwhealth.edu	27184	null	null
hhill@houston.rr.com	27185	null	null
rex04@msn.com	27186	null	null
afterchristmas_special@hotmail.com	27187	null	null
sstrawn@eadslink.com	27188	null	null
critical.notice@enron.com	27189	null	null
david.forster@enron.com	27190	null	null
jagannat@haas.berkeley.edu	27191	null	null
patrick.steve@enron.com	27192	null	null
daniel.sarti@neg.pge.com	27193	null	null
tswick@lcc.net	27194	null	null
edelste2@niehs.nih.gov	27195	null	null
imedia@csc.eddiebauer.com	27196	null	null
vicky.bailey@cinergy.com	27197	null	null
ash.menon@enron.com	27198	null	null
glenn.waldrop@enron.com	27199	null	null
drohan@nytimes.com	27200	null	null
ameritrade_032991@ameritrade.customer-email.com	27201	null	null
laura.goldberg@chron.com	27202	null	null
rspoondela@ra.rockwell.com	27203	null	null
reno.casimir@enron.com	27204	null	null
vivian.hart@enron.com	27205	null	null
jazayeri.peter@enron.com	27206	null	null
sonia.hennessy@enron.com	27207	null	null
vero7196@yahoo.com	27208	null	null
d25079@jippii.fi	27209	null	null
joyce.ng@enron.com	27210	null	null
akerr2@enron.com	27211	null	null
nleaper@sisna.com	27212	null	null
edward.fraim@reuters.com	27213	null	null
greg.secko@cibc.ca	27214	null	null
networkcommerce-tbnf20020125@ombramarketing.com	27215	null	null
jim.irvine@enron.com	27216	null	null
s-news-owner@lists.biostat.wustl.edu	27217	null	null
rmfarley@swbell.net	27218	null	null
fhaskett@rice.edu	27219	null	null
smithey.linda@enron.com	27220	null	null
tyjek@forum.dk	27221	null	null
dbwqf@personal.ro	27222	null	null
rita.hennessy@enron.com	27223	null	null
john.opalko@enron.com	27224	null	null
arlis@enron.com	27225	null	null
dean.hallowell@enron.com	27226	null	null
beverly.swango1@jsc.nasa.gov	27227	null	null
james.canney@enron.com	27228	null	null
netcenter-reg@netscape.com	27229	null	null
thomas.h.bauer@us.andersen.com	27230	null	null
marc.horowitz@enron.com	27231	null	null
brollman@protrader.com	27232	null	null
markrobertsny@earthlink.net	27233	null	null
deborah.kelly@enron.com	27234	null	null
paul.murray@enron.com	27235	null	null
paul.darmitzel@enron.com	27236	null	null
djack@keyad.com	27237	null	null
djack@stic.net	27237	null	null
mgrgisby@swbell.net	27238	null	null
rick.wurlitzer@enron.com	27239	null	null
gerhard.schulmeyer@sc.siemens.com	27240	null	null
ogorekbartosz@home.com	27241	null	null
rwsiii@ibpcorp.com	27242	null	null
epsa@mindspring.com	27243	null	null
kmarrs@sdchamber.org	27244	null	null
joyce.barrett@enron.com	27245	null	null
ibrahim.qureishi@enron.com	27246	null	null
karen.samples@chase.com	27247	null	null
woliphant@reliant.com	27248	null	null
trefler.alan@enron.com	27249	null	null
kbates@sequentenergy.com	27250	null	null
ccgrooves@aol.com	27251	null	null
mmingo@reliant.com	27252	null	null
1800flowers.30925254@s2u2.com	27253	null	null
philblunt2@isitpat.com	27254	null	null
nwoolf@iirltd.co.uk	27255	null	null
scrapmet@ix.netcom.com	27256	null	null
msgermann@juno.com	27257	null	null
a-mheard@houston.rr.com	27258	null	null
mheard@ect.enron.com	27258	null	null
dnwinkle@yahoo.com	27259	null	null
aja6@pge.com	27260	null	null
sudpa@wenet.net	27261	null	null
mark.ridgely@enron.com	27262	null	null
drew'.'conway@enron.com	27263	null	null
coganja@aol.com	27264	null	null
ubet@sweepsclub.com	27265	null	null
montgomery.jarrett@enron.com	27266	null	null
leasa.lopez@enron.com	27267	null	null
cinthec@aol.com	27268	null	null
etsbud@aol.com	27269	null	null
tray@enron.com	27270	null	null
susan.lindberg@enron.com	27271	null	null
geynille.dillingham@enron.com	27272	null	null
lisa.wilsford@enron.com	27273	null	null
donald_m-_ect_o_dblack@enron.com	27274	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.62540@joinmail.ccbn.com	27275	null	null
daniel.brown@enron.com	27276	null	null
vp's.worldwide@enron.com	27277	null	null
frederic.janbon@bnpparibas.com	27278	null	null
tom.alan@enron.com	27279	null	null
chris.hanz@enron.com	27280	null	null
lkasper@arb.ca.gov	27281	null	null
lane.a.capron@accenture.com	27282	null	null
lane.a.capron@ac.com	27282	null	null
billrapp@prodigy.net	27283	null	null
cgin37@email.mot.com	27284	null	null
sinisi./o=dri-wefa/ou=first@enron.com	27285	null	null
senior_staff@haas.berkeley.edu	27286	null	null
insynconline.6qgcyx0w.d@insync-palm.com	27287	null	null
ect.integration@enron.com	27288	null	null
jcardona@carrfut.com	27289	null	null
oncall.tms@enron.com	27290	null	null
techseminars@att.com	27291	null	null
tran.diem-trinh@enron.com	27292	null	null
drakestra1@aol.com	27293	null	null
dan.dorland@enron.com	27294	null	null
chayes@stc.com	27295	null	null
t-willy@t-willy.com	27296	null	null
w123321n@yahoo.com	27297	null	null
marketingnews@datek2.m0.net	27298	null	null
genkigai@mindspring.com	27299	null	null
kenneth.horton@enron.com	27300	null	null
mediagrok@thestandard.email-publisher.com	27301	null	null
les_clewlow@compuserve.com	27302	null	null
egillas@enron.com	27303	null	null
assignments@khou.com	27304	null	null
spiwarehouse@cs.com	27305	null	null
sally.mcelroy"@zenith.howellcorp.com@enron.com	27306	null	null
michelle.akers@enron.com	27307	null	null
team.macksville@enron.com	27308	null	null
team.big-lake@enron.com	27309	null	null
greg_downum@murphyoilcorp.com	27310	null	null
joy.toups@enron.com	27311	null	null
cmy1@pge.com	27312	null	null
eugene.o'gorman@enron.com	27313	null	null
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com	27314	null	null
jennifer.reed@enron.com	27315	null	null
max_s_bulk@calpx.com	27316	null	null
kazuhiko_koshikawa@sanwabank.co.jp	27317	null	null
ted.ii@enron.com	27318	null	null
vince.middleton@enron.com	27319	null	null
406480.86477310.2@1.americanexpress.com	27320	null	null
jharwood@mindspring.com	27321	null	null
sandraf.@enron.com	27322	null	null
hilda.lindley@enron.com	27323	null	null
glenn.dubin@enron.com	27324	null	null
dubin@houstontech.org	27324	null	null
forrester-trial@relay.forrester.com	27325	null	null
mike.curry@enron.com	27326	null	null
sammy.marroguin@enron.com	27327	null	null
kristen.hanson@enron.com	27328	null	null
jon.adler@enron.com	27329	null	null
manne.neal@enron.com	27330	null	null
c5chiefmate@aol.com	27331	null	null
bpotter@proliance.com	27332	null	null
kerry.zuegner@enron.com	27333	null	null
ecn38c2.conf.@enron.com	27334	null	null
iii.joor@enron.com	27335	null	null
dwells@mycfo.com	27336	null	null
paul.hennemeyer@enron.com	27337	null	null
irma.perez@enron.com	27338	null	null
ed.robinson@enron.com	27339	null	null
mr1drfl@swbell.net	27340	null	null
constance.mckinsey@enron.com	27341	null	null
dury'.'barbara@enron.com	27342	null	null
shood@manfinancial.com	27343	null	null
jennifer_a_sherwood@calpx.com	27344	null	null
hunter-jessica@houston.rr.com	27345	null	null
karen.tamlyn@enron.com	27346	null	null
g7dbreaders@g7group-ny.com	27347	null	null
wendy.gonzalez@enron.com	27348	null	null
maya.yaron@enron.com	27349	null	null
jshaddock@ursusbooks.com	27350	null	null
djf8@pge.com	27351	null	null
lstavros@cdaresort.com	27352	null	null
tgh4@pge.com	27353	null	null
sue.wadsworth@enron.com	27354	null	null
bengelhart@pantechnica.com	27355	null	null
andy.chen@enron.com	27356	null	null
bburke@rice.edu	27357	null	null
whitneybessler@hotmail.com	27358	null	null
husnain.mirza@enron.com	27359	null	null
enron.global.services.-.worldwide@enron.com	27360	null	null
gihoff@pacbell.net	27361	null	null
scrensh@enron.com	27362	null	null
james.cliff@enron.com	27363	null	null
rl692372@earthlink.com	27364	null	null
abu.bundu-kamara@enron.com	27365	null	null
mmle@dynegy.com	27366	null	null
peter.ruiz@artistdirect.com	27367	null	null
ciminell@rice.edu	27368	null	null
mkahl@ka-pow.com	27369	null	null
tpw@monthlydrawing.roi1.net	27370	null	null
yvette.miroballi@enron.com	27371	null	null
funds1.2@mailman.enron.com	27372	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029838@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	27373	null	null
videoconference@enron.com	27374	null	null
phillip.watts@usoncology.com	27375	null	null
venette@flash.net	27376	null	null
jward@kpcb.com	27377	null	null
cdpatt@hsjs.com	27378	null	null
tracy.ross@royalbank.com	27379	null	null
anthony.jarrett@enron.com	27380	null	null
susan.carrera@enron.com	27381	null	null
bob.crane@enron.com	27382	null	null
debny.greenlee@enron.com	27383	null	null
duntex@aol.com	27384	null	null
jrose@poynerspruill.com	27385	null	null
scott.connelly@mirant.com	27386	null	null
richard.cain@enron.com	27387	null	null
newsome.linda@enron.com	27388	null	null
'kimosc@aol.com'".'pcaparso@aol.com'@enron.com	27389	null	null
napedersen@jonesday.com	27390	null	null
steven.horn@enron.com	27391	null	null
chris.austin@enron.com	27392	null	null
e6192_ff8900d7@replycentral.com	27393	null	null
attymoses@acninc.net	27394	null	null
alehew@sequentenergy.com	27395	null	null
christine.mcevoy@enron.com	27396	null	null
harrington.john@enron.com	27397	null	null
carrfuturesenergy@carrfut.com	27398	null	null
ajay.sindwani@enron.com	27399	null	null
bkc7@pge.com	27400	null	null
davidh@gvsi.com	27401	null	null
eyeball41@aol.com	27402	null	null
lpaul13@uswest.net	27403	null	null
bevans@enron.com	27404	null	null
'bevans@enron.com	27404	null	null
mlajaunie@gmssr.com	27405	null	null
mhowe@enron.com	27406	null	null
wallstreet@chargingrhino.net	27407	null	null
francis.diebold@enron.com	27408	null	null
brapp@enron.com	27409	null	null
kirbynrg@swbell.net	27410	null	null
nemtzow@ase.org	27411	null	null
ang@cpuc.ca.gov	27412	null	null
badedamola@cera.com	27413	null	null
gonzalez'.'ana@enron.com	27414	null	null
sstroud@miami.edu	27415	null	null
esther.gerratt@enron.com	27416	null	null
dmr10@axe.humboldt.edu	27417	null	null
esource@enron.com	27418	null	null
nymex.list@enron.com	27419	null	null
thu.nguyen@enron.com	27420	null	null
jg77063@aol.com	27421	null	null
mary.tollefson@oatiinc.com	27422	null	null
online.service@schwab.com	27423	null	null
407982.132572378.2@1.americanexpress.com	27424	null	null
kcdavis@pdq.net	27425	null	null
rescalante@riobravo-gm.com	27426	null	null
burton.mcintyre@enron.com	27427	null	null
marissa.womble@enron.com	27428	null	null
ouccperk@aol.com	27429	null	null
cbelew@assetms.com	27430	null	null
cbelew@e-steel.com	27430	null	null
dabakis@kenyon.edu	27431	null	null
m_.a._tryggestad@exxonmobil.com	27432	null	null
cbeisheim@hotmail.com	27433	null	null
scotth1965@hotmail.com	27434	null	null
scotth1965@aol.com	27434	null	null
kjones0125@hotmail.com	27435	null	null
hattie.carrington@enron.com	27436	null	null
mwood@stoel.com	27437	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3344.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	27438	null	null
amandler@smithhanley.com	27439	null	null
tspahn@mcguirewoods.com	27440	null	null
jweil@aglet.org	27441	null	null
kmihalko@orcnmss.org	27442	null	null
sharon_marino@eott.com	27443	null	null
legolas_18@iml.fhg.de	27444	null	null
jjarvis@pcenergy.com	27445	null	null
alex_engles@csi.com	27446	null	null
patrick.howard@gulfsouthpl.com	27447	null	null
jcutaia@tupac.com	27448	null	null
jimyang@vergenet.com	27449	null	null
ronlee14@mailman.enron.com	27450	null	null
akshay.singh@enron.com	27451	null	null
christina.grow@enron.com	27452	null	null
jose.lazo@enron.com	27453	null	null
ksumme@isda.org	27454	null	null
gemanix@aol.com	27455	null	null
sscharf@scana.com	27456	null	null
bettyladish@enron.com	27457	null	null
julie.gartner@enron.com	27458	null	null
shirley.mcdowell@enron.com	27459	null	null
elizabet@math.uh.edu	27460	null	null
customers-help@list.frontierairlines.com	27461	null	null
ekrapels@esaibos.com	27462	null	null
rnk@wave.net	27463	null	null
rayla.boyd@blakes.com	27464	null	null
myriam.padron@et.pge.com	27465	null	null
joel.sallee@lmco.com	27466	null	null
2.3895.76-5vrrsiiutfrn.1@cda01.cdnow.com	27467	null	null
lynchr@coned.com	27468	null	null
randal.maffett@enron.com	27469	null	null
rayberyl.mack@worldnet.att.net	27470	null	null
marc.bir@enron.com	27471	null	null
rkilmer@enron.com	27472	null	null
owner-peaker@energy.ca.gov	27473	null	null
rpad@enron.com	27474	null	null
johnna.kokenge@enron.com	27475	null	null
stevens.gl.1@pg.com	27476	null	null
kgk@hoegh.no	27477	null	null
tracy45s7874@mundomail.net	27478	null	null
kim.kegley@enron.com	27479	null	null
lisa_a._schiffman@jonesday.com	27480	null	null
charityp@flash.net	27481	null	null
linda_brown@azurix.com	27482	null	null
linda.brown@enron.com	27482	null	null
pgurfein@akingump.com	27483	null	null
darcilla@viviance.com	27484	null	null
kitchens@jwemc.org	27485	null	null
bsaraullo@velaw.com	27486	null	null
greg.caudell@enron.com	27487	null	null
rburdet@govmail.state.nv.us	27488	null	null
arrion.smith@bus.utexas.edu	27489	null	null
forte3@accord01.comp.pge.com	27490	null	null
mich888@aol.com	27491	null	null
alicia.goodrow@enron.com	27492	null	null
armeguy@pacbell.net	27493	null	null
dan_marcontell@mckinsey.com	27494	null	null
au6s5de7pudsv@hotmail.com	27495	null	null
mgmt.dl-portland@enron.com	27496	null	null
marketstatusday-ahead@wepex.com	27497	null	null
jgalvan@kpmg.com	27498	null	null
ehalbert@velaw.com	27499	null	null
ganguzza@rice.edu	27500	null	null
cecileoyjohnson078@caprice.demon.co.uk	27501	null	null
jgeraci@ecredit.com	27502	null	null
john.carr@enron.com	27503	null	null
philip.hawkins@uk.pwcglobal.com	27504	null	null
richroge@attbi.com	27505	null	null
lefebvre.kristyn@enron.com	27506	null	null
pedram.mazaheri@enron.com	27507	null	null
tdowe@houston.org	27508	null	null
mvittal@wharton.upenn.edu	27509	null	null
2.3005.bb-vww91krz7w7n.1@cda01.cdnow.com	27510	null	null
nancy.callans@enron.com	27511	null	null
karla.compean@enron.com	27512	null	null
weekly_text@lists.smartmoney.com	27513	null	null
aprilhoover@msn.com	27514	null	null
loretta.pena@enron.com	27515	null	null
swulfe@velaw.com	27516	null	null
feelrac@visto.com	27517	null	null
msuttle@wunderlichsecurities.com	27518	null	null
msuttle@wundernet.com	27518	null	null
jeffrey.jennings@morganstanley.com	27519	null	null
smock'.'erica@enron.com	27520	null	null
nicola.blancke@enron.com	27521	null	null
cmallory@enron.com	27522	null	null
d.buck@motorola.com	27523	null	null
jmezulis@earthlink.net	27524	null	null
dbenevid@enron.com	27525	null	null
chilling@yahoo.com	27526	null	null
snorman@ccc.gerbertechnology.com	27527	null	null
marilyn.june@enron.com	27528	null	null
shirley.sklar@idrc.org	27529	null	null
tbrown@hanover-co.com	27530	null	null
amy.degeyter@enron.com	27531	null	null
karen.burke@enron.com	27532	null	null
garnettj@usa.net	27533	null	null
rconte@alleghenyenergy.com	27534	null	null
stanford.lin@reuters.com	27535	null	null
distefv@axl.ca	27536	null	null
dnorland@ase.org	27537	null	null
'gayle.rodgers@enron.com	27538	null	null
nng@enron.com	27539	null	null
jerry.seade@enron.com	27540	null	null
travelsmith_outfitters@travelsmith.m0.net	27541	null	null
abernath@haas.berkeley.edu	27542	null	null
kelly_yueh@hotmail.com	27543	null	null
stever@amplats.co.za	27544	null	null
sbarnett@plnrs.com	27545	null	null
miriam.brabham@enron.com	27546	null	null
kara.maloney@enron.com	27547	null	null
broadrick@enron.com	27548	null	null
bungalowlife@yahoo.com	27549	null	null
alobo@ija.csic.es	27550	null	null
gcroom@eei.org	27551	null	null
rd_cates@yahoo.com	27552	null	null
vnvryxxesigb@hotmail.com	27553	null	null
jayivohfft@neo2.neotraffix.com	27554	null	null
elena.kapralova@enron.com	27555	null	null
aarteag@ect.enron.com	27556	null	null
jjtaylor@reliant.com	27557	null	null
anne.bertino@enron.com	27558	null	null
tom_rigamonti@dell.com	27559	null	null
tamar@tca.net	27560	null	null
brian.j.gallagher@rssmb.com	27561	null	null
marisa.pardellas@enron.com	27562	null	null
curtisc@questar.com	27563	null	null
hillaryg@wsg.com	27564	null	null
bevo@pacbell.net	27565	null	null
silver.breaux@enron.com	27566	null	null
yvette.stevenson@enron.com	27567	null	null
phouser@f-w.com	27568	null	null
patrick.keene@enron.com	27569	null	null
davisrl@texaco.com	27570	null	null
mark.muller@enron.com	27571	null	null
paul.goddard@enron.com	27572	null	null
mitch.robinson@enron.com	27573	null	null
chatcher@wm.com	27574	null	null
mark.witt@enron.com	27575	null	null
carolyn.cooney@enron.com	27576	null	null
djn_bankruptcy_newsletter@lists.dowjonesnewswires.com	27577	null	null
david.p.dupre@enron.com	27578	null	null
david.dupre@enron.com	27578	null	null
p..dupre@enron.com	27578	null	null
johnny.alam@enron.com	27579	null	null
mary.rose@enron.com	27580	null	null
ross.glenn@enron.com	27581	null	null
pljacklin@stoel.com	27582	null	null
suflyl@msn.com	27583	null	null
jdupuy@swagroup.com	27584	null	null
ashu.tewari@enron.com	27585	null	null
eximenez@smith-graham.com	27586	null	null
rmartins@utilicorp.com	27587	null	null
segall.yael@enron.com	27588	null	null
kayla.ruiz@enron.com	27589	null	null
l9gksub@msn.com	27590	null	null
gerbert@enron.com	27591	null	null
ebaugh.nelson@enron.com	27592	null	null
steven.leppard@enron.com	27593	null	null
kscott@bp-inc.net	27594	null	null
tmeyers@nisource.com	27595	null	null
gdb@vnf.com	27596	null	null
jason.sokolov@enron.com	27597	null	null
jwilkerson@reliant.com	27598	null	null
ferguson'.'charles@enron.com	27599	null	null
smithdl@tca.net	27600	null	null
tdarton1@san.rr.com	27601	null	null
dlefler@velaw.com	27602	null	null
robert.lee@enron.com	27603	null	null
julie.mccoy@enron.com	27604	null	null
rtr23@columbia.edu	27605	null	null
waltonw@epenergy.com	27606	null	null
336512.16887612.1@1.americanexpress.com	27607	null	null
tasteofhome@juno.com	27608	null	null
rogers.'612@enron.com	27609	null	null
kreg.hall@enron.com	27610	null	null
r..bibb@enron.com	27611	null	null
pwatten@ect.enron.com	27612	null	null
ginger.sinclair@enron.com	27613	null	null
heather.a.johnson@enron.com	27614	null	null
cschwartz_vitoltvl@yahoo.com	27615	null	null
zalaywan@caiso.com	27616	null	null
lisa.king@enron.com	27617	null	null
susan.mcintyre-young@unistudios.com	27618	null	null
anne_m_wilson@reliantenergy.com	27619	null	null
cecily@enron.com	27620	null	null
.'cecily@enron.com	27620	null	null
steven.mccann@enron.com	27621	null	null
gary.weiss@enron.com	27622	null	null
cnudvkyd@hotmail.com	27623	null	null
tarawayne@hotmail.com	27624	null	null
osalisbury@murdocktravel.com	27625	null	null
mthabet@iirny.com	27626	null	null
jody.crook@enron.com	27627	null	null
pham.arnold@enron.com	27628	null	null
texastribute@lists.cc.utexas.edu	27629	null	null
jaikishore.bharathi@enron.com	27630	null	null
carol_wilson@oxy.com	27631	null	null
russellmurrell@hotmail.com	27632	null	null
julie.p.baumgarten@williams.com	27633	null	null
kwhalen@sterlingmccalltoyota.com	27634	null	null
healyb@jmbm.com	27635	null	null
public.houston@enron.com	27636	null	null
mzincs@aol.com	27637	null	null
george.denos@neg.pge.com	27638	null	null
dham@ase.org	27639	null	null
denise_davidson@jamail-kolius.com	27640	null	null
j.slechta@pecorp.com	27641	null	null
linguaphile@wordsmith.org	27642	null	null
jstepeno@enron.com	27643	null	null
martin.o'leary@enron.com	27644	null	null
kerri.thompson@enron.com	27645	null	null
daniel.burke@enron.com	27646	null	null
tour@rice.edu	27647	null	null
charles.philpott@enron.com	27648	null	null
london.centre@enron.com	27649	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.61324@joinmail.ccbn.com	27650	null	null
ssydes@mail.utexas.edu	27651	null	null
miguel.l.garcia@enron.com	27652	null	null
encpower@aol.com	27653	null	null
youwin@customoffers.com	27654	null	null
sr..paul@enron.com	27655	null	null
jpalmer@enron.com	27656	null	null
lsommaripa@pirnie.com	27657	null	null
mdaar@yahoo.com	27658	null	null
veronica_z_smith@reliantenergy.com	27659	null	null
kimberly.whitsel.wg02@wharton.upenn.edu	27660	null	null
sweller@enron.com	27661	null	null
sandyteb@aol.com	27662	null	null
tbruton@qualityhillinc.com	27663	null	null
cdorlan@ect.enron.com	27664	null	null
cris.sherman@enron.com	27665	null	null
kaurj@aol.com	27666	null	null
marina.ng@enron.com	27667	null	null
makkawi@torys.com	27668	null	null
jmjaked@mindspring.com	27669	null	null
kl-prince@northwestern.edu	27670	null	null
cvotaw@yahoo.com	27671	null	null
jcx9ewx59cq@hotmail.com	27672	null	null
ichard".'"shinder@enron.com	27673	null	null
juantongia.calvin@enron.com	27674	null	null
bxc@bediligent.com	27675	null	null
hamilton.phyllis@enron.com	27676	null	null
don62waller@cs.com	27677	null	null
sangle@velaw.com	27678	null	null
sunil.dalal@enron.com	27679	null	null
txm@cdsfulfillment.com	27680	null	null
richard.soles@enron.com	27681	null	null
ediec@gis.net	27682	null	null
fuel/plant'.'carl@enron.com	27683	null	null
fuel@anpower.com	27683	null	null
tnray@aep.com	27684	null	null
croozin@wireweb.net	27685	null	null
cbt@medicine.wisc.edu	27686	null	null
schlesinger'.'ben@enron.com	27687	null	null
scott.tholan@enron.com	27688	null	null
lorih@pandaenergy.com	27689	null	null
kohn.roger@epamail.epa.gov	27690	null	null
ect.legal@enron.com	27691	null	null
cludtke@czn.com	27692	null	null
flbusot@tecoenergy.com	27693	null	null
sdonadel@hotmail.com	27694	null	null
calgary.dl-it@enron.com	27695	null	null
louis.dicarlo@enron.com	27696	null	null
haak@mindspring.com	27697	null	null
murray.fichten@enron.com	27698	null	null
jacobsenp@fsl.orst.edu	27699	null	null
etc.distribution@enron.com	27700	null	null
lynn.nichols@equitysb.com	27701	null	null
cighi@hotmail.com	27702	null	null
7133540022@skytel.com	27703	null	null
george.tocquigny@enron.com	27704	null	null
cuaprep@aol.com	27705	null	null
helckat@aol.com	27706	null	null
ravjoshua@home.com	27707	null	null
jeffrey.hooper@swpc.siemens.com	27708	null	null
fzwenig@usasean.org	27709	null	null
btowbin@unterberg.com	27710	null	null
tmclaren@gpc.ca	27711	null	null
dayem.khandker@enron.com	27712	null	null
sarita.garza@enron.com	27713	null	null
boone.jack@enron.com	27714	null	null
dhawkins@caiso.com	27715	null	null
tcy@travelocity.com	27716	null	null
kevin.m.presto@enron.com	27717	null	null
ananda.mukerji@enron.com	27718	null	null
brian.flaherty@enron.com	27719	null	null
j27464-r1521@iqmailer.net	27720	null	null
nextek3@msn.com	27721	null	null
marccohen@kayescholer.com	27722	null	null
suresh_talwar@hotmail.com	27723	null	null
kevin.cordesman@enron.com	27724	null	null
john.gordon@enron.com	27725	null	null
alaska_turtles@yahoo.com	27726	null	null
skatz@sempratrading.com	27727	null	null
sami.arap@enron.com	27728	null	null
keith_hennessey@lott.senate.gov	27729	null	null
john.f.henderson@us.andersen.com	27730	null	null
tom.bruce-jones@enron.com	27731	null	null
communications.7318970.2522.0@a1f3-tr1.4at3.net	27732	null	null
expedia.com_021360@expedia.customer-email.com	27733	null	null
susanvancil@excite.com	27734	null	null
alma_ogana@yahoo.com	27735	null	null
elsa.villarreal@enron.com	27736	null	null
vanessa.kyama@enron.com	27737	null	null
chase.untermeyer@compaq.com	27738	null	null
ravant4@excite.com	27739	null	null
barbara.hooks@enron.com	27740	null	null
mike.triem@compaq.com	27741	null	null
sjoymccann@hotmail.com	27742	null	null
redick.bill@enron.com	27743	null	null
andy.brief@yahoo.com	27744	null	null
maria.nartey@enron.com	27745	null	null
dave.robertson@gt.pge.com	27746	null	null
slai@nc.rr.com	27747	null	null
lisa.woods@enron.com	27748	null	null
hot39d@mailman.enron.com	27749	null	null
yhoribe@isda.org	27750	null	null
aberdy@aol.com	27751	null	null
chefn@personalchefsnetwork.com	27752	null	null
afternoon16@alerts.equityalert.com	27753	null	null
jennifer.basinski@enron.com	27754	null	null
roger.radda@enron.com	27755	null	null
ctm404@yahoo.com	27756	null	null
bhafner@pgfm.com	27757	null	null
leroy.ho@enron.com	27758	null	null
ssskenneth.lay@enron.com	27759	null	null
lisa.mcisaac@enron.com	27760	null	null
dakotaleg@aol.com	27761	null	null
rick.kile@enron.com	27762	null	null
james.copeland@enron.com	27763	null	null
fred.wolgel@enron.com	27764	null	null
araceli.romero@enron.com	27765	null	null
bmusthaler@essential-energy.com	27766	null	null
infobeat@list.euniverse.com	27767	null	null
diversity.survey@enron.com	27768	null	null
galante.nancy@enron.com	27769	null	null
david.yeres@cliffordchance.com	27770	null	null
lawrence.hand@enron.com	27771	null	null
quen.tan@powerpool.ab.ca	27772	null	null
mbelden@mediaone.net	27773	null	null
mbelden@mediaone.com	27773	null	null
julian.draven@turner.com	27774	null	null
courtney.barker@enron.com	27775	null	null
aristaino@redsky.com	27776	null	null
nwanews@sonat.net	27777	null	null
mary.cilia@enron.com	27778	null	null
yourpicks@webonsite.net	27779	null	null
john.ale@enron.com	27780	null	null
targetemaildirect@temd.net	27781	null	null
support.dl-ets@enron.com	27782	null	null
shirley.peters@enron.com	27783	null	null
fdgjier679@yahoo.com	27784	null	null
patrick.cagney@enron.com	27785	null	null
ali.rodol@ci.seattle.wa.us	27786	null	null
hstoller@icc.state.il.us	27787	null	null
kstirna@optionone.com	27788	null	null
crenshaw_newton_f@lilly.com	27789	null	null
gejunk@yahoo.com	27790	null	null
scott.miller@dplinc.com	27791	null	null
scott.miller@ferc.fed.us	27791	null	null
rebecca.longoria@enron.com	27792	null	null
gary.hickerson.com@enron.com	27793	null	null
relbelflower@aep.com	27794	null	null
frank.getman@enron.com	27795	null	null
ky6m10t8mwr@msn.com	27796	null	null
hibarra@agroasemex.gob.mx	27797	null	null
united1@my.mileageplus.com	27798	null	null
t.merrill@scievents.com	27799	null	null
jwwd@pge.com	27800	null	null
louis.iaconetti@csfb.com	27801	null	null
lwin@gbmdc.com	27802	null	null
barbara.riter@gepex.ge.com	27803	null	null
n11612@lycos.ne.jp	27804	null	null
asmesch@flash.net	27805	null	null
vivatrim@open2win.roi1.net	27806	null	null
durga@mail.pipingtech.com	27807	null	null
fernando.herrera@enron.com	27808	null	null
chager@hotmail.com	27809	null	null
dcturner@tecoenergy.com	27810	null	null
kathryn.pallant@enron.com	27811	null	null
mricciardi@peco-energy.com	27812	null	null
ramona.perkins@enron.com	27813	null	null
mmills@u.washington.edu	27814	null	null
clifford.nash@enron.com	27815	null	null
william_f_henze@jonesday.com	27816	null	null
yolanda.sandoval@halliburton.com	27817	null	null
jnickel@caiso.com	27818	null	null
cordia@cordia.com	27819	null	null
monica.roberts@enron.com	27820	null	null
j_darko@hotmail.com	27821	null	null
expediafaretracker_020667@expedia.customer-email.com	27822	null	null
pvint@houston.rr.com	27823	null	null
prez@cook-inlet.com	27824	null	null
saxvv@di.ufpe.br	27825	null	null
mark-anthony.rodriguez@enron.com	27826	null	null
marco.smith@enron.com	27827	null	null
tom.gilbert@enron.com	27828	null	null
angela.mendez@enron.com	27829	null	null
angela.nicotra@enron.com	27830	null	null
8887409950@skytel.com	27831	null	null
romeo.d'souza@enron.com	27832	null	null
auto-response@amazon.com	27833	null	null
diveman7@earthlink.net	27834	null	null
john.craig.taylor@enron.com	27835	null	null
hr.dl-isc@enron.com	27836	null	null
dgrimes@ibshouston.com	27837	null	null
michael.cazaubon@exeloncorp.com	27838	null	null
loren.charbonneau@enron.com	27839	null	null
mailservice@netflix.com	27840	null	null
sara.ray@enron.com	27841	null	null
reeves.wendy@enron.com	27842	null	null
jody.pierce@enron.com	27843	null	null
cahelms@cmsenergy.com	27844	null	null
shelby.leibhart@enron.com	27845	null	null
104114.2544@compuserve.com	27846	null	null
geczy@wharton.upenn.edu	27847	null	null
andrea.guillen@enron.com	27848	null	null
jareddy@hotmail.com	27849	null	null
tim.dori@enron.com	27850	null	null
rosalinda.zermeno@enron.com	27851	null	null
haik.ross@enron.com	27852	null	null
snyder'.'alisan@enron.com	27853	null	null
cmcdonal@mtpower.com	27854	null	null
nedg@mail2.allegro.net	27855	null	null
achimlindhorst@enron.com	27856	null	null
billinger.bill@enron.com	27857	null	null
program.associate@enron.com	27858	null	null
2361@csi.com	27859	null	null
lmellen@ect.enron.com	27860	null	null
mjlafrat@mwbb.com	27861	null	null
jay.hawthorn@enron.com	27862	null	null
brown.tonya@enron.com	27863	null	null
richard.s.walker@chase.com	27864	null	null
kathryn.mclean@enron.com	27865	null	null
ids_cellular@customoffers.com	27866	null	null
stchoub@earthlink.net	27867	null	null
dizaad@texaco.com	27868	null	null
kris.grosshans@abnamro.com	27869	null	null
brian_schofield@mckinsey.com	27870	null	null
michael.whitehurst@enron.com	27871	null	null
penny.siew@enron.com	27872	null	null
vsrcedtbmk@you.makeinformedchoices.com	27873	null	null
shanner.vitoltvl@us.amadeusmail.com	27874	null	null
dippo.bello@enron.com	27875	null	null
sdick@ect.enron.com	27876	null	null
brad.richter@enron.com	27877	null	null
schick1@earthlink.net	27878	null	null
thescoop@maildb.bluemountainarts.com	27879	null	null
thescoop@bl.bluemountainarts.com	27879	null	null
thescoop@bluemountain.com	27879	null	null
tom_campbell@law.stanford.edu	27880	null	null
dvanech@deltapower.com	27881	null	null
harry.schnitzer@enron.com	27882	null	null
s.schnitzer@worldnet.att.net	27882	null	null
james.grace@enron.com	27883	null	null
srritch@yahoo.com	27884	null	null
elove@coair.com	27885	null	null
jmacias@calpine.com	27886	null	null
bsitz@mail.utexas.edu	27887	null	null
perry.roberts@enron.com	27888	null	null
bob.williams@elpaso.com	27889	null	null
bob.williams@enron.com	27889	null	null
knightrider2008@yahoo.com	27890	null	null
marymgriffin@attbi.com	27891	null	null
ect.security@enron.com	27892	null	null
vance.carter@ni.com	27893	null	null
gasesco@coned.com	27894	null	null
kerry.fields@enron.com	27895	null	null
janice.hogan@enron.com	27896	null	null
pagoo2@webtv.net	27897	null	null
brian.bradford@enron.com	27898	null	null
ddunlap@tradespark.com	27899	null	null
farrell.smith@enron.com	27900	null	null
consultus@sbcglobal.net	27901	null	null
pacroker@ruf.rice.edu	27902	null	null
asouth85@aol.com	27903	null	null
yyaish@exchange.ml.com	27904	null	null
yyaish@aeglobalmarkets.com	27904	null	null
felicia.doan@enron.com	27905	null	null
judy.hernandez@enron.com	27906	null	null
lee.ferrell@enron.com	27907	null	null
mlwang@uts.cc.utexas.edu	27908	null	null
dmusslewhite@sterlingmccalltoyota.com	27909	null	null
showtimes@amazon.com	27910	null	null
kristi.demaiolo@enron.com	27911	null	null
edith-kelly@reliantenergy.com	27912	null	null
rhonda.short@enron.com	27913	null	null
james.barlett@csfb.com	27914	null	null
christine.garcia@enron.com	27915	null	null
esop.america@enron.com	27916	null	null
dbrown66@csc.com	27917	null	null
joseph.alamo@enron.com	27918	null	null
alamo.joseph@enron.com	27918	null	null
sandrews@hire.com	27919	null	null
edgonzales@ev1.net	27920	null	null
elaine_rod@hotmail.com	27921	null	null
wje@egglestonbriscoe.com	27922	null	null
avitabi@llgm.com	27923	null	null
imece@asme.org	27924	null	null
eduardov@sportingbetusa.com	27925	null	null
balasubr@haas.berkeley.edu	27926	null	null
wnjltgq7bb@hotmail.com	27927	null	null
dnagle@meshbesher.com	27928	null	null
jack.falconi@guarantygroup.com	27929	null	null
jon.barrett@enron.com	27930	null	null
rcfisher@hillsandco.com	27931	null	null
eric.fishhaut@gvsi.com	27932	null	null
e204-2@haas.berkeley.edu	27933	null	null
patty.mitchell@pgnmail.com	27934	null	null
huntley.robert@enron.com	27935	null	null
cschur@kslaw.com	27936	null	null
cara.sempberger@enron.com	27937	null	null
kliva@telcordia.com	27938	null	null
trodenbo@elity.com	27939	null	null
fjfowler@duke-energy.com	27940	null	null
enron.payroll.group@enron.com	27941	null	null
elsegundo@energy.ca.gov	27942	null	null
susan.flanagan@dplinc.com	27943	null	null
kirsty.hogarth@enron.com	27944	null	null
1800flowers.217260508@s2u2.com	27945	null	null
andrew.cornfield@enron.com	27946	null	null
prod1@earthlink.net	27947	null	null
bob.king@nuevoenergy.com	27948	null	null
van.ngo@enron.com	27949	null	null
mrrios@bpa.gov	27950	null	null
cpflueger@suma.com	27951	null	null
sheridan.titman@bus.utexas.edu	27952	null	null
parrish.ken@enron.com	27953	null	null
lcs1110@hotmail.com	27954	null	null
tsuyoshi.sasaki@enron.com	27955	null	null
e..grahe@enron.com	27956	null	null
corporate.benefits@enron.com	27957	null	null
daveroochvarg@erols.com	27958	null	null
jdoran@mail.utexas.edu	27959	null	null
janell.avery@enron.com	27960	null	null
tom.may@enron.com	27961	null	null
tdickers@westerngas.com	27962	null	null
rlloyd@enron.com	27963	null	null
ann.kechter@xemkt.com	27964	null	null
mercedes.estrada@enron.com	27965	null	null
aroline".'"harper@enron.com	27966	null	null
stacy.franz@gulfsouthpl.com	27967	null	null
wallacer@missouri.edu	27968	null	null
cicorbin@aep.com	27969	null	null
sniggy@mindspring.com	27970	null	null
michele.raque@enron.com	27971	null	null
d..anderson@enron.com	27972	null	null
r-1-56294-4033936-2-2543-us2-6fe619a5@xmr3.com	27973	null	null
benjamin.bell@enron.com	27974	null	null
liqun.pan@enron.com	27975	null	null
andybrief@yahoo.com	27976	null	null
2.3469.f6-r7pk1ttjv76c.1@cda01.cdnow.com	27977	null	null
stahl.jr.@enron.com	27978	null	null
molly.lafuze@enron.com	27979	null	null
lucks@alucks.com	27980	null	null
susan.gardenfeld@weil.com	27981	null	null
binh.pham@enron.com	27982	null	null
dexickson@mwe.com	27983	null	null
hboyd@columbiaenergygroup.com	27984	null	null
bryce.baxter@enron.com	27985	null	null
communications.6242200.4289.0@a1f3-tr1.4at3.net	27986	null	null
2.3990.67-w9-goqgvriak.1@cda01.cdnow.com	27987	null	null
lfan@mailman.enron.com	27988	null	null
susan.hansen@stanford.edu	27989	null	null
shelly.may@enron.com	27990	null	null
jason.jenkins@enron.com	27991	null	null
stephen.morse@enron.com	27992	null	null
greg.poynter@williams.com	27993	null	null
rosemary.freeman@exolink.com	27994	null	null
rdbowles@hotmail.com	27995	null	null
purchase-circle@amazon.com	27996	null	null
jeff.davis@enron.com	27997	null	null
uselman.linda@enron.com	27998	null	null
esther.st@enron.com	27999	null	null
bbojorquez@ercot.com	28000	null	null
yild@zdemail.zdlists.com	28001	null	null
phillip.taylor@enron.com	28002	null	null
michele_van_der_noort@mckinsey.com	28003	null	null
timothy.evens@enron.com	28004	null	null
users.dl-financial@enron.com	28005	null	null
ddow@cftc.gov	28006	null	null
jlgg@pge.com	28007	null	null
elizabeth.fredericks@hope.edu	28008	null	null
clovell@stanford.edu	28009	null	null
fackel@yahoo.com	28010	null	null
mmitche2@enron.com	28011	null	null
amccarty@houston.org	28012	null	null
dhackett@kemaconsulting.com	28013	null	null
expediatraveldeals_033768@expedia.customer-email.com	28014	null	null
rwalker802@earthlink.net	28015	null	null
posterclub@allposters.com	28016	null	null
christopher.smith@enron.com	28017	null	null
will.reed@techforall.org	28018	null	null
paulett.smith@enron.com	28019	null	null
jlavorato.hba1989@ivey.ca	28020	null	null
joseph_s_77014@yahoo.com	28021	null	null
8887409949@skytel.com	28022	null	null
terrellyn.parker@enron.com	28023	null	null
portalatin@enron.com	28024	null	null
richard.morgan@austinenergy.com	28025	null	null
kathy_janeway@eogresources.com	28026	null	null
john.oveson@enron.com	28027	null	null
ojzeringue@tva.gov	28028	null	null
diane.anderson@enron.com	28029	null	null
phototalk@shopwolfcamera.com	28030	null	null
mid1316@car-audio-discount.com	28031	null	null
franktholt@hotmail.com	28032	null	null
rconnolly@natsource.com	28033	null	null
mark.hamer@enron.com	28034	null	null
hbucalo@houston.rr.com	28035	null	null
office.whalley@enron.com	28036	null	null
pat.mcguinness@blakes.com	28037	null	null
jim.steffes@enron.com	28038	null	null
'jim.steffes@enron.com	28038	null	null
jessie.patterson@enron.com	28039	null	null
tom.delaney@enron.com	28040	null	null
jkohler2@earthlink.net	28041	null	null
pmelera@calpine.com	28042	null	null
bondie@aol.com	28043	null	null
brian_rudis@aimfunds.com	28044	null	null
sspar@e-s-x.com	28045	null	null
newshotline@stockgroup.com	28046	null	null
bobby.oubre@enron.com	28047	null	null
sandy.hackman@compaq.com	28048	null	null
lynnddi@aol.com	28049	null	null
peter.f.keavey@enron.com	28050	null	null
rebecca.goodman@aya.yale.edu	28051	null	null
candlman@pacbell.net	28052	null	null
colby.g.smith@usa.conoco.com	28053	null	null
r-4-65021-302894-2-286-us2-2745a155@xmr3.com	28054	null	null
srlarson@bpa.gov	28055	null	null
skhanova@wellesley.edu	28056	null	null
lab-dsc@womans.com	28057	null	null
go1em@yahoo.com	28058	null	null
julianne@enron.com	28059	null	null
micha.makowski@enron.com	28060	null	null
robert.hurt@enron.com	28061	null	null
denae.umbower@enron.com	28062	null	null
neu.steve@enron.com	28063	null	null
travelgirl_janel@hotmail.com	28064	null	null
mguinan@milbank.com	28065	null	null
jcoelho@callnet.com.br	28066	null	null
a..hope@enron.com	28067	null	null
mdidriksen@nyc.rr.com	28068	null	null
mdidriksen@llgm.com	28068	null	null
ksumey@ftenergy.com	28069	null	null
otterwear@yahoo.com	28070	null	null
ees.pc-orders@enron.com	28071	null	null
dorina.garcia@enron.com	28072	null	null
larry.snyder@enron.com	28073	null	null
ddellacona@hess.com	28074	null	null
lisa.koerselman@enron.com	28075	null	null
virtualvegas@customoffers.com	28076	null	null
doakland@reliant.com	28077	null	null
w/asstsovt.	28078	null	null
sonya.city@enron.com	28079	null	null
jim.barkley@bakerbotts.com	28080	null	null
learn@teamfreeze.com	28081	null	null
351020.36020686.1@listserv.redherring.com	28082	null	null
john.gillespie@enron.com	28083	null	null
hrr@abdi.com	28084	null	null
elwanda.bennett@enron.com	28085	null	null
jeff_nolan@yahoo.com	28086	null	null
tdeboer@painehamblen.com	28087	null	null
julie.pedersen@neg.pge.com	28088	null	null
dbsholes@aol.com	28089	null	null
f20100@i-france.com	28090	null	null
rmcarrasco@pdq.net	28091	null	null
nigel.majury@enron.com	28092	null	null
amelia.williams@enron.com	28093	null	null
rose.o.perez@us.arthurandersen.com	28094	null	null
cella.amerson@enron.com	28095	null	null
britton.joan@enron.com	28096	null	null
peter.nassab@enron.com	28097	null	null
steven.wolf@entergykoch.com	28098	null	null
randall.oneal@williams.com	28099	null	null
larry.delpapa@delpapabud.com	28100	null	null
stevens.gl.l@pg.com	28101	null	null
smalleyd@prpa.org	28102	null	null
linda.breathitt@ferc.fed.us	28103	null	null
toddbland@hotmail.com	28104	null	null
awilliams@matrixservice.com	28105	null	null
awilliams@br-inc.com	28105	null	null
jennie_fraser@yahoo.com	28106	null	null
joanne.harris@enron.com	28107	null	null
terry.peng@enron.com	28108	null	null
jean.blair@enron.com	28109	null	null
yasuyoshi.goto@bakernet.com	28110	null	null
2761marttila@enron.com	28111	null	null
msable@sdge.com	28112	null	null
erincday@aol.com	28113	null	null
mitchye@texaco.com	28114	null	null
morgan.gottsponer@dynegy.com	28115	null	null
morgan.gottsponer@enron.com	28115	null	null
smithadria@hotmail.com	28116	null	null
fritz_hiser@yahoo.com	28117	null	null
cartere@sepa.doe.gov	28118	null	null
bdiemer@reliant.com	28119	null	null
mmilken@knowledgeu.com	28120	null	null
rocjai@studmail.stcl.edu	28121	null	null
colin.zimmerle@enron.com	28122	null	null
kendria@certified.com	28123	null	null
114463.3226@compuserve.com	28124	null	null
g20154@mail.md	28125	null	null
stephen.swift@ps.ge.com	28126	null	null
escreageres@aol.com	28127	null	null
zinko@enron.com	28128	null	null
omaha.operations@enron.com	28129	null	null
20relations@caiso.com	28130	null	null
alan_prenoveau@ngsinc.com	28131	null	null
linda.patterson@ferc.fed.us	28132	null	null
mlrosales@netzero.net	28133	null	null
adolfo_montesinos@mckinsey.com	28134	null	null
eddiebauer@eb.m0.net	28135	null	null
nfl.297660@nfl.ed10.net	28136	null	null
bethel@babson.edu	28137	null	null
expediatraveldeals_029715@expedia.customer-email.com	28138	null	null
leiber@enron.com	28139	null	null
rerlichman@bracepatt.com	28140	null	null
mmilazzo@sidley.com	28141	null	null
sheila.chang@enron.com	28142	null	null
rmack@kmicorp.com	28143	null	null
ccryans@westerngas.com	28144	null	null
fyqukgcivgjfttim@msn.com	28145	null	null
jperl@sempratrading.com	28146	null	null
pete.mccormick@enron.com	28147	null	null
smcadory@texicannaturalgas.com	28148	null	null
band@24bom.com	28149	null	null
billwhite@mvalaw.com	28150	null	null
jgsfac@listserv.rice.edu	28151	null	null
jeff.north@dynegy.com	28152	null	null
douglas.clifford@enron.com	28153	null	null
b..rosen@enron.com	28154	null	null
akyles@hcde-texas.org	28155	null	null
rhett.jackson@enron.com	28156	null	null
alisears@hotmail.com	28157	null	null
jwatkins@nisource.com	28158	null	null
tsimmons@spencerstuart.com	28159	null	null
david.rosenberg@enron.com	28160	null	null
brian.becker@sfx.com	28161	null	null
jennifer.mcclain@enron.com	28162	null	null
r-8-56294-3745823-2-7248-us2-a156bb74@xmr3.com	28163	null	null
ari.	28164	null	null
ari@enron.com	28164	null	null
paula.parrish@enron.com	28165	null	null
feemster.guy@enron.com	28166	null	null
pulhamus@aol.com	28167	null	null
mweisblatt@houstontech.org	28168	null	null
mweisblatt@yahoo.com	28168	null	null
gbass@semprasolutions.com	28169	null	null
virginia_redondo@bmg.bsch.es	28170	null	null
pr.id@enron.com	28171	null	null
bob.neely@enron.com	28172	null	null
richard.abramowicz@enron.com	28173	null	null
robeson@enron.com	28174	null	null
ksgillmore@yahoo.com	28175	null	null
adnan.a.rajab@olng.simis.com	28176	null	null
rejane.pansiera@enron.com	28177	null	null
craig.chaney@enron.com	28178	null	null
mcunningham@isda.org	28179	null	null
julieg@qualcomm.com	28180	null	null
tprice@gibsons.com	28181	null	null
lalenaluba@cs.com	28182	null	null
tlcustomerservice@amlaw.com	28183	null	null
eleanor.fraser.2002@anderson.ucla.edu	28184	null	null
sarinalesieur@hotmail.com	28185	null	null
eugene.lee@enron.com	28186	null	null
virawan.yawapongsiri@enron.com	28187	null	null
jlaywp@aol.com	28188	null	null
shenry@daytonpower.com	28189	null	null
bwilson@water.ca.gov	28190	null	null
gpg.c-d@enron.com	28191	null	null
olivia.ross@ourclub.com	28192	null	null
annualreports@wilink.com	28193	null	null
dpconnally@spacecitysports.com	28194	null	null
cap986p@yahoo.com	28195	null	null
vibeke.laroi@reuters.com	28196	null	null
sanforchuckie@aol.com	28197	null	null
xingdenburg797@eudoramail.com	28198	null	null
sharee.payne@compaq.com	28199	null	null
mmf4@pge.com	28200	null	null
asrorelle@h-s.com	28201	null	null
ferrari.scott@enron.com	28202	null	null
john_r_orr@reliantenergy.com	28203	null	null
tbrown8889@aol.com	28204	null	null
helenswig@aol.com	28205	null	null
brian.kinsey@enron.com	28206	null	null
tamara.howarth@blakes.com	28207	null	null
jsmith4@entergy.com	28208	null	null
announcements.ubsw@enron.com	28209	null	null
zarrington@bpa.gov	28210	null	null
swalkerdavies@aol.com	28211	null	null
rebecca.williams@bakerbotts.com	28212	null	null
mwolff@english.umass.edu	28213	null	null
asdfga@usa.com	28214	null	null
rob.e.johnston@exxonmobil.com	28215	null	null
carrd2@tdcibg.com	28216	null	null
scott.morrill@grubb-ellis.com	28217	null	null
morrill@enron.com	28217	null	null
rharris@credit2b.com	28218	null	null
cabo@enron.com	28219	null	null
bullette@flash.net	28220	null	null
geoffrey_lubbock@nstaronline.com	28221	null	null
djst@pge.com	28222	null	null
tina.livingston@enron.com	28223	null	null
yahoo_privacy@reply.yahoo.com	28224	null	null
mwotp2@uswest.com	28225	null	null
javier.herrero@iberdrola.es	28226	null	null
michael.a.robinson@enron.com	28227	null	null
dfadfjd@lycos.com	28228	null	null
trash@16visions.com	28229	null	null
shogwood@bracepatt.com	28230	null	null
enron.mail@enron.com	28231	null	null
mkj2@pge.com	28232	null	null
jay.haupt@eprime.com	28233	null	null
eschmid@caiso.com	28234	null	null
becky_cantrell@kindermorgan.com	28235	null	null
allison.hamilton@enron.com	28236	null	null
ostwald@ev1.net	28237	null	null
eva.tow@enron.com	28238	null	null
abarnett@home.com	28239	null	null
abarnett@mapus.com	28239	null	null
rob.cone@enron.com	28240	null	null
butts.enron.ene.bob@enron.com	28241	null	null
michael.schultz@enron.com	28242	null	null
brian.skruch@reddotsolutions.com	28243	null	null
erin.willis@enron.com	28244	null	null
astevenson@ida.net	28245	null	null
jhodge7895@aol.com	28246	null	null
robert.semple@enron.com	28247	null	null
coi.dang@enron.com	28248	null	null
ryan.williams@enron.com	28249	null	null
cbarker3@msn.com	28250	null	null
espnnews_sp10@espn.go.com	28251	null	null
invision@invisioncs.com	28252	null	null
karen.denne@enron.com	28253	null	null
denne@enron.com	28253	null	null
samantha.bryce@enron.com	28254	null	null
samuel.cooper@bakerbotts.com	28255	null	null
hhu@mail.law.utexas.edu	28256	null	null
kjdevlin@austin.rr.com	28257	null	null
jonathan.hoff@enron.com	28258	null	null
enron.mailout@enron.com	28259	null	null
phaney@aoshouston.org	28260	null	null
thierry.noel@enron.com	28261	null	null
kwhite@gulfbend.org	28262	null	null
kdirks@utilicorp.com	28263	null	null
jredwine@yahoo.com	28264	null	null
targana@dteenergy.com	28265	null	null
1fp@email.qves.com	28266	null	null
mmccontex@aol.com	28267	null	null
mmccontex.@aol.com	28267	null	null
marissa345@hotmail.com	28268	null	null
jdegnan@icsc.org	28269	null	null
cnicola@enron.com	28270	null	null
gloria.vansco@travelpark.com	28271	null	null
sjbeebe@donohue.ca	28272	null	null
center.dl-portland@enron.com	28273	null	null
sanjay.bhagat@enron.com	28274	null	null
tandj@worldpath.net	28275	null	null
g5788@zahav.net.il	28276	null	null
outboundemailsolutions@economist.01o.com	28277	null	null
natalie.baker@enron.com	28278	null	null
dpalumbo@sapient.com	28279	null	null
thomas.balcerowicz@enron.com	28280	null	null
nalink@bu.edu	28281	null	null
dan.j.hyvl@enron.com	28282	null	null
kastorri@elektro.com.br	28283	null	null
amy.villasenor@enron.com	28284	null	null
funderbunk.kelly@enron.com	28285	null	null
david.gaines@enron.com	28286	null	null
everyone_at_ees_central@enron.com	28287	null	null
jdquillen@yahoo.com	28288	null	null
peter.vanamson@risk.sungard.com	28289	null	null
david.wise@enron.com	28290	null	null
loyal_lay@yahoo.com	28291	null	null
rsjacobs@encoreacq.com	28292	null	null
starwoodstatements@spg.0mm.com	28293	null	null
msorrell@wpp.com	28294	null	null
hmccombs@mayerbrown.com	28295	null	null
dave.steiner@enron.com	28296	null	null
jdapice@iirny.com	28297	null	null
stevebonilla@yahoo.com	28298	null	null
joyce.bauer@enron.com	28299	null	null
wroy@riskwaters.com	28300	null	null
s20761@private.21cn.com	28301	null	null
ggodley@bracepatt.com	28302	null	null
goetscrj@bp.com	28303	null	null
timothy.g.healy@dartmouth.edu	28304	null	null
meta4@frontiernet.net	28305	null	null
ryan.deane@enron.com	28306	null	null
rebecca.ford@enron.com	28307	null	null
osbareport@ohiobar.org	28308	null	null
anthony.piper@enron.com	28309	null	null
ross.newlin@enron.com	28310	null	null
john.harmon@enron.com	28311	null	null
barbara_g.dillard@enron.com	28312	null	null
8778153968@pagenetmessage.net	28313	null	null
cmadding@spe.org	28314	null	null
drudge@drudgereport.com	28315	null	null
todd'.'madeleine@enron.com	28316	null	null
drucker@oneok.com	28317	null	null
judy_spencer@europe.com	28318	null	null
g.campbell@pecorp.com	28319	null	null
scott.breedlove@enron.com	28320	null	null
jesus.melendrez@enron.com	28321	null	null
sscott5@enron.com	28322	null	null
dwood@lockeliddell.com	28323	null	null
patrigey@daishowa.ca	28324	null	null
yatesrowdy@yahoo.com	28325	null	null
anne_pedro@cargill.com	28326	null	null
tcalton@precastcorp.com	28327	null	null
java.jacqueline@enron.com	28328	null	null
patrick.markey@enron.com	28329	null	null
mrapp@oakvillegrocery.com	28330	null	null
executive.office@enron.com	28331	null	null
pepin.jennifer@enron.com	28332	null	null
lancecunningham@houston.rr.com	28333	null	null
20844-6662@piperrudnick.com	28334	null	null
kwelsch@waterdesk.com	28335	null	null
mark.provenzano@enron.com	28336	null	null
isoclientrelations@caiso.com	28337	null	null
gary.l.carrier@usa.dupont.com	28338	null	null
ihomeowner_com.ue.212192.x28774736@ixs1.net	28339	null	null
melody.litteral@kvaerner.com	28340	null	null
david.dickey@us.cgeyc.com	28341	null	null
jmurray@houston.org	28342	null	null
kathy.mayfield@enron.com	28343	null	null
troberts@dyalroberts.com	28344	null	null
david_kirkpatrick@fortunemail.com	28345	null	null
jim.bujnoch@enron.com	28346	null	null
jhokkanen@viviance.com	28347	null	null
zachary.costello@enron.com	28348	null	null
raymond.yeow@enron.com	28349	null	null
customeractivities@gulfsouthpl.com	28350	null	null
flex_customer_service@aoncons.com	28351	null	null
stanfordcary@hotmail.com	28352	null	null
fmckenne@usta.org	28353	null	null
gift_ideas@harryanddavid.m0.net	28354	null	null
luke.amelang@enron.com	28355	null	null
wwilcox@pdq.net	28356	null	null
yo.yamanishi@enron.com	28357	null	null
dave_smith@oxy.com	28358	null	null
bmeckna@yahoo.com	28359	null	null
lbellamy@enron.com	28360	null	null
sherrytaylor7@earthlink.net	28361	null	null
ava.syon@enron.com	28362	null	null
john.borenius@gfinet.com	28363	null	null
hillh@stanford.edu	28364	null	null
fraser.allen@enron.com	28365	null	null
rios.gerardo@epamail.epa.gov	28366	null	null
frankb@cityscope.net	28367	null	null
molly.carnes@enron.com	28368	null	null
michael.gantt@enron.com	28369	null	null
bhamilton@washgas.com	28370	null	null
connie.lo@enron.com	28371	null	null
bill.jordan@enron.com	28372	null	null
greg.gonzales@enron.com	28373	null	null
kevin.liss@enron.com	28374	null	null
ashley.a.mace@williams.com	28375	null	null
john.shelley@enron.com	28376	null	null
frazier.king@enron.com	28377	null	null
awhite@ktvd.com	28378	null	null
awhite@cbs.com	28378	null	null
jschultz@steel.org	28379	null	null
sales.central@prgr.com	28380	null	null
don.currin@us.andersen.com	28381	null	null
aharris@sarofim.com	28382	null	null
suxx11@yahoo.com	28383	null	null
bburns@caiso.com	28384	null	null
carballom@pdvsa.com	28385	null	null
aeplager@yahoo.com	28386	null	null
tiffany.miller@enron.com	28387	null	null
jensleb1@yahoo.com	28388	null	null
vance.taylor@enron.com	28389	null	null
iqbal@rice.edu	28390	null	null
smiller5@cinergy.com	28391	null	null
g3054@orgio.net	28392	null	null
assoc.'.'california@enron.com	28393	null	null
kvassigh@hotmail.com	28394	null	null
wendy.p.houghton@usa.conoco.com	28395	null	null
chad_frers@dell.com	28396	null	null
douglasp@coned.com	28397	null	null
insynconline.6yz9q30s.d@insync-palm.com	28398	null	null
david.pope@enron.com	28399	null	null
6.1119.69-rgd-ootwgqcu.1@mail3.travelocity.com	28400	null	null
agray@newyork.bozell.com	28401	null	null
charles.brewer@enron.com	28402	null	null
roneil@haoneil.com	28403	null	null
scott.mills@enron.com	28404	null	null
stamnitz@globalphoton.com	28405	null	null
richarde@centurydev.com	28406	null	null
gaub@aol.com	28407	null	null
nicholas.ernst@enron.com	28408	null	null
audrey.pullen@enron.com	28409	null	null
diego_baz@worldnet.att.net	28410	null	null
rmp@cpuc.ca.gov	28411	null	null
katiedidmoore@yahoo.com	28412	null	null
dapnucc@teleport.com	28413	null	null
amitd2@latrobe.edu.au	28414	null	null
suzanne.vann@enron.com	28415	null	null
byers_linda_ki@lilly.com	28416	null	null
406404.35861757.2@1.americanexpress.com	28417	null	null
lamar.frazier@enron.com	28418	null	null
mark_-_ect_legal_taylor.ect@ene-mta01.enron.com	28419	null	null
ect.london@enron.com	28419	null	null
enron.ect@enron.com	28419	null	null
ect.output@enron.com	28419	null	null
chris.leonard@enron.com	28420	null	null
lisa.scully@enron.com	28421	null	null
mike.fowler@enron.com	28422	null	null
skempner@mac.com	28423	null	null
tammiep98@hotmail.com	28424	null	null
darren.billedo@enron.com	28425	null	null
joehochman@earthlink.net	28426	null	null
tamara.davis@enron.com	28427	null	null
adasa@pcii.net	28428	null	null
gpg.everyone@enron.com	28429	null	null
andrew.kosnaski@enron.com	28430	null	null
courtney.campbell@enron.com	28431	null	null
purvi_20@hotmail.com	28432	null	null
operations5@etoyotas.com	28433	null	null
joeblack8542@arabia.com	28434	null	null
sheila.glover@enron.com	28435	null	null
lisa.feener@enron.com	28436	null	null
fidrych@wapa.gov	28437	null	null
futureprospects@aol.com	28438	null	null
dems-news@2001victory.com	28439	null	null
k-jribnick@interchange-energy.com	28440	null	null
reedbohner@aol.com	28441	null	null
spierce@uss.com	28442	null	null
makabreak@yahoo.com	28443	null	null
neilanderson@lists.crosswalk.com	28444	null	null
enron.purchasing@enron.com	28445	null	null
seitles@enron.com	28446	null	null
no.address@enron.com	28447	null	null
bernadette.hawkins@enron.com	28448	null	null
peter'.'d'alessandro@enron.com	28449	null	null
howard.camp@enron.com	28450	null	null
jaeaston@christushealth.org	28451	null	null
raangus@bellsouth.net	28452	null	null
stella.woolley@travelpark.com	28453	null	null
michelle.overton@elpaso.com	28454	null	null
wnissen@sidley.com	28455	null	null
wluedke@bracepatt.com	28456	null	null
sbracken@hsc.utah.edu	28457	null	null
jstrom@hvllc.com	28458	null	null
abramson@cami.com	28459	null	null
lidicker@socrates.berkeley.edu	28460	null	null
twinspin@astros.com	28461	null	null
mark.k.wilson@enron.com	28462	null	null
vincer@publicans.com	28463	null	null
sstrehli_hotmail_com@enron.com	28464	null	null
coombs@enron.com	28465	null	null
laffertys@exponentialec.com	28466	null	null
expediafaretracker_021385@expedia.customer-email.com	28467	null	null
bcain2@ei.enron.com	28468	null	null
deqcemjfohosjjkk@yahoo.ca	28469	null	null
peggy.mccurley@enron.com	28470	null	null
margaret.dutton@bus.utexas.edu	28471	null	null
adrian.montague@socgen.co.uk	28472	null	null
janisp@dialdata.com.br	28473	null	null
expediatraveldeals_034765@expedia.customer-email.com	28474	null	null
michelle.bruce@enron.com	28475	null	null
brian.oxley@enron.com	28476	null	null
julissa.marron@enron.com	28477	null	null
rmcnamar@enron.com	28478	null	null
eesadams@enron.com	28479	null	null
jchukayne@jetlease.com	28480	null	null
marian.salinas@enron.com	28481	null	null
michelle.kelso@enron.com	28482	null	null
larry.bevans@elpaso.com	28483	null	null
mike.barnas@ps.ge.com	28484	null	null
kendra.hayman@enron.com	28485	null	null
wes.carberry@enron.com	28486	null	null
michael_yevak@notes.teradyne.com	28487	null	null
team.ashland@enron.com	28488	null	null
expedia.com_011528@expedia.customer-email.com	28489	null	null
shendrickson@houston.rr.com	28490	null	null
newproducts@sharperimage.com	28491	null	null
r5inetsales@geico.com	28492	null	null
ronald.adzgery@enron.com	28493	null	null
vbyrd@velaw.com	28494	null	null
etc.survey@enron.com	28495	null	null
noelpm@aol.com	28496	null	null
cdlaudeman@email.msn.com	28497	null	null
cater.john@enron.com	28498	null	null
everbach@mail.cox.smu.edu	28499	null	null
adicapri@utilicorp.com	28500	null	null
e6192_8884cb5d@replycentral.com	28501	null	null
lersmartin@aol.com	28502	null	null
jt9@mops.opa-row	28503	null	null
lenhart.tom@enron.com	28504	null	null
jaroslaw.ferenc@enron.com	28505	null	null
dvdfeltz@hotmail.com	28506	null	null
shan.millie@ft.com	28507	null	null
grlongo@talkmatch.com	28508	null	null
garpny1@home.com	28509	null	null
trainannounce@pjm.com	28510	null	null
fransmith42@aol.com	28511	null	null
bwanarol@hotmail.com	28512	null	null
heidi.grubbs@enron.com	28513	null	null
emoler@velaw.com	28514	null	null
sbadeaux@vcn.com	28515	null	null
laoh@chevron.com	28516	null	null
scott.carter@chase.com	28517	null	null
rousalia70us@yahoo.com	28518	null	null
jung-suk.suh@enron.com	28519	null	null
dl-ga-canada_ees_calgary@enron.com	28520	null	null
barenblat.kevin@enron.com	28521	null	null
taylorr@ctt.com	28522	null	null
mmilner@coral-energy.com	28523	null	null
shendri@ect.enron.com	28524	null	null
2812664656@my2way.com	28525	null	null
martha.cormier@enron.com	28526	null	null
lmaillet@anpower.com	28527	null	null
jackpot@customoffers.com	28528	null	null
dickcarl@mediaone.net	28529	null	null
mixaodon@yahoo.com	28530	null	null
karin.williams@enron.com	28531	null	null
rhill@energyservicesgroup.net	28532	null	null
azghlntxoq@hey.letskeepintouch.com	28533	null	null
nicholas.danna@ey.com	28534	null	null
bachelor.conf.@enron.com	28535	null	null
jane.denson@enron.com	28536	null	null
dtmusselman@aep.com	28537	null	null
augusto.failde@enron.com	28538	null	null
dirk.peterson@enron.com	28539	null	null
heather.mitchell@enron.com	28540	null	null
fenton@enron.com	28541	null	null
jeffrey.keeler@enron.com	28542	null	null
jjtowles@aep.com	28543	null	null
rtilott@enron.com	28544	null	null
tess.ray@enron.com	28545	null	null
smcfadden@igservice.com	28546	null	null
ruben.rodriguez@enron.com	28547	null	null
ben.hill@enron.com	28548	null	null
pjoskow@mit.edu	28549	null	null
brian.vass@enron.com	28550	null	null
havingfun15@hotmail.com	28551	null	null
rbalgopal.hba1997@alumni.ivey.uwo.ca	28552	null	null
connie.black@enron.com	28553	null	null
ajay.jagsi@owen2002.vanderbilt.edu	28554	null	null
jacqui.darrah@enron.com	28555	null	null
boner22@msn.com	28556	null	null
jzivley@earthlink.net	28557	null	null
regina.perkins@enron.com	28558	null	null
rglover@halff.com	28559	null	null
tim.muller@williams.com	28560	null	null
zimam@enron.com	28561	null	null
eprocurement.list@enron.com	28562	null	null
jose.aparicio@enron.com	28563	null	null
team.bushton-maintenance@enron.com	28564	null	null
rpaul@realenergy.com	28565	null	null
rpaul@mwe.com	28565	null	null
pmyers@caiso.com	28566	null	null
betsy.bassis@enron.com	28567	null	null
michael.clover@enron.com	28568	null	null
camdenway@aol.com	28569	null	null
glenn.wright@enron.com	28570	null	null
banderso@haas.berkeley.edu	28571	null	null
kaci.howell@enron.com	28572	null	null
rpicciotto@houston.rr.com	28573	null	null
steve.iyer@enron.com	28574	null	null
warren.stacy@enron.com	28575	null	null
fossum4@home.com	28576	null	null
tim.detmering@enron.com	28577	null	null
cp-del@nationaljournal.com	28578	null	null
asill@uecomm.com.au	28579	null	null
teb.kenneth@enron.com	28580	null	null
kcg@implementation.com	28581	null	null
d11180@go.ru	28582	null	null
mahon@pbworld.com	28583	null	null
fredinvt@juno.com	28584	null	null
jstoner@gdclaw.com	28585	null	null
yeh.puong@enron.com	28586	null	null
mjoergensen@netlane.com	28587	null	null
bruce_kiely@bakerbotts.com	28588	null	null
lisa.gillette@enron.com	28589	null	null
ussearch.203339.1512.0@reply.ussearch.com	28590	null	null
pybarbo@enron.com	28591	null	null
andy.fastow@enron.com	28592	null	null
chris.dcouto@novellus.com	28593	null	null
amorton@lehman.com	28594	null	null
amorton@tuckeranthony.com	28594	null	null
skean.ees@enron.com	28595	null	null
ygoldfeder@swidlaw.com	28596	null	null
achokshi99@yahoo.com	28597	null	null
ddavissprint20@earthlink.net	28598	null	null
michelle.thompson@enron.com	28599	null	null
eric.wardle@enron.com	28600	null	null
hansruedi.schuetter@csg.ch	28601	null	null
jerry.peters@enron.com	28602	null	null
kelly.higgason@enron.com	28603	null	null
gary.r.hayward@fsa.gov.uk	28604	null	null
407982.16792233.1@1.americanexpress.com	28605	null	null
407982.26815304.1@1.americanexpress.com	28605	null	null
407982.125607718.1@1.americanexpress.com	28605	null	null
pbothwel@indiana.edu	28606	null	null
ron.lang@sungard.com	28607	null	null
askaff@energy-law-group.com	28608	null	null
askaff@chrm.com	28608	null	null
energybulletin@platts.com	28609	null	null
pmrm1101np@listserv.ftenergy.com	28610	null	null
donald.blake@painewebber.com	28611	null	null
esc-christmanj@pearland.isd.esc4.net	28612	null	null
esc@ercot.com	28612	null	null
hchen1@houston.rr.com	28613	null	null
sportsline_newsletters@sportsline.com	28614	null	null
timpowell@txu.com	28615	null	null
lorna.jones@enron.com	28616	null	null
heidimit@color-country.net	28617	null	null
bryan.lari@enron.com	28618	null	null
crich75206@aol.com	28619	null	null
bprzyby@evokesoft.com	28620	null	null
cfcoleman@mail.com	28621	null	null
b28352@yahoo.com	28622	null	null
rachel.massey@enron.com	28623	null	null
kevincrawford@clearchannel.com	28624	null	null
mark.woita@fhlbtopeka.com	28625	null	null
sheri.luong@enron.com	28626	null	null
vrl1@pge.com	28627	null	null
kvammen@enron.com	28628	null	null
jason.jones@enron.com	28629	null	null
shruti.gandhi-gupta@enron.com	28630	null	null
mytravelminder@lastminutetravel.com	28631	null	null
lvallest@gcc.com	28632	null	null
mindel.lee@enron.com	28633	null	null
rmgarth@mediaone.net	28634	null	null
gd@skycastle.net	28635	null	null
gd@unitedauto.com	28635	null	null
gd@goodsonauto.com	28635	null	null
cbushfield@newchannel.com	28636	null	null
nicholas.vandusen@freshfields.com	28637	null	null
prosica@lehman.com	28638	null	null
stephanie.s.williams@us.pwcglobal.com	28639	null	null
fangming.zhu@enron.com	28640	null	null
merylyn_duthie@mckinsey.com	28641	null	null
debbie.moseley@enron.com	28642	null	null
ashleybrown1946@aol.com	28643	null	null
gburnsie@email.msn.com	28644	null	null
office.llc@enron.com	28645	null	null
shaverh@aol.com	28646	null	null
afternoon21@alerts.equityalert.com	28647	null	null
robert.gresch@enron.com	28648	null	null
paul.weinberger@enron.com	28649	null	null
rking@hess.com	28650	null	null
toniakoppenaal@msualum.com	28651	null	null
mreynold@utilicorp.com	28652	null	null
amoreena@enron.com	28653	null	null
cheryl.gaines@enron.com	28654	null	null
netfirst@mediatrec.roi1.net	28655	null	null
beloian56@pop.transit.ru	28656	null	null
danielle.jaussaud@puc.state.tx.us	28657	null	null
nemec.paul@enron.com	28658	null	null
bscherfling@sithe.com	28659	null	null
msailer@tosco.com	28660	null	null
shotwejp@sce.com	28661	null	null
mark.feldman@enron.com	28662	null	null
tom.doukas@enron.com	28663	null	null
tara.sweitzer@enron.com	28664	null	null
yhaynes@mindspring.com	28665	null	null
pludwick1@compuserve.com	28666	null	null
sylvia.campos@enron.com	28667	null	null
simon.carling@rbcds.com	28668	null	null
ameritrade_021134@ameritrade.customer-email.com	28669	null	null
trout.zoe@enron.com	28670	null	null
justin.townsley@enron.com	28671	null	null
expediatraveldeals_033195@expedia.customer-email.com	28672	null	null
summaries@esummary.info.aa.com	28673	null	null
mkang@dttus.com	28674	null	null
mkang@haas.berkeley.edu	28674	null	null
marc.albero@eddy.foamex.com	28675	null	null
steven.sheldon@enron.com	28676	null	null
adel.rizkalla@enron.com	28677	null	null
bgpenn@marathonoil.com	28678	null	null
bonnie.allen@enron.com	28679	null	null
gloria.roberson@enron.com	28680	null	null
tara.thistleton@enron.com	28681	null	null
alice.weekley@enron.com	28682	null	null
spyros.maragos@dynegy.com	28683	null	null
emmanuel.mangin@enron.com	28684	null	null
ready2go@enron.com	28685	null	null
delivertomark@hotmail.com	28686	null	null
jaramirez@ev1.net	28687	null	null
hargr@webtv.net	28688	null	null
grensheltr@aol.com	28689	null	null
renee_stlouis@hotmail.com	28690	null	null
michalon@math.uchicago.edu	28691	null	null
paul_jonathan_thomas@yahoo.com	28692	null	null
richard.broussard@enron.com	28693	null	null
danacjoyce@msn.com	28694	null	null
p_berliner@yahoo.com	28695	null	null
tanja.murray@enron.com	28696	null	null
angela.barnett@enron.com	28697	null	null
/ou=hou/o=ect@enron.com	28698	null	null
2.3890.b5-vt06l7_c53re.1@cda01.cdnow.com	28699	null	null
lorie.belsha@enron.com	28700	null	null
anthony.brown@ubsw.com	28701	null	null
levibenton@email.msn.com	28702	null	null
russell.heitzman@enron.com	28703	null	null
price_waterhouse@americas-us.intl.pwcglobal.com	28704	null	null
kbenedi@ect.enron.com	28705	null	null
gkutzschbach@fulbright.com	28706	null	null
jlmarquez@aol.com	28707	null	null
michael.terraso@enron.com	28708	null	null
philm@scdenergy.com	28709	null	null
erica.adams@enron.com	28710	null	null
joseph.graham@enron.com	28711	null	null
richard.cross@enron.com	28712	null	null
netspty12@yahoo.com	28713	null	null
greg_rutchik@yahoo.com	28714	null	null
munion@enron.com	28715	null	null
ldeathridge@risk.co.uk	28716	null	null
jmfrk@jyrki.com	28717	null	null
robert.guthrie@enron.com	28718	null	null
jmhorne@us.ibm.com	28719	null	null
jdatt@bender.com	28720	null	null
zubke'.'heather@enron.com	28721	null	null
juhani.aalto@enron.com	28722	null	null
stephanie.hopkins@enron.com	28723	null	null
mjose@sternstewart.com	28724	null	null
everyone.dl-ets@enron.com	28725	null	null
sara.m.smith@uth.tmc.edu	28726	null	null
yener@singnet.com.sg	28727	null	null
jeff.maack@ipgdirect.com	28728	null	null
gary.gleeson@enron.com	28729	null	null
ccole@advocation-inc.com	28730	null	null
alf@enron.com	28731	null	null
rpurrington@austin.rr.com	28732	null	null
rpurrington@mdck.com	28732	null	null
tlbrassard@aol.com	28733	null	null
crump.william@enron.com	28734	null	null
gpg.announcement@enron.com	28735	null	null
michael.loeffler@enron.com	28736	null	null
all.ees@enron.com	28737	null	null
dburke@velaw.com	28738	null	null
trnews@tr.com	28739	null	null
meredith.philipp@enron.com	28740	null	null
brendas@tgn.net	28741	null	null
brendas@surffree.com	28741	null	null
dfeather@echopointmedia.com	28742	null	null
carl.colditz@enron.com	28743	null	null
bernal97@swbell.net	28744	null	null
todd.grabbe@radisys.com	28745	null	null
michael.jackson@enron.com	28746	null	null
email.announcement@alaskaair.com	28747	null	null
nate.ellis@enron.com	28748	null	null
rosenau.paul@enron.com	28749	null	null
jr..jh@enron.com	28750	null	null
tmaddock@nwppc.org	28751	null	null
markb@rand.org	28752	null	null
ekelly65@yahoo.com	28753	null	null
caszasz@aep.com	28754	null	null
smhoesly@aol.com	28755	null	null
lomani26@cs.com	28756	null	null
peay@chevron.com	28757	null	null
j..parrish@enron.com	28758	null	null
sydney.wade@enron.com	28759	null	null
tchristensen@anpower.com	28760	null	null
chris.ryder@enron.com	28761	null	null
measton@kpmg.com	28762	null	null
adahlke95@yahoo.com	28763	null	null
ann.ballard@enron.com	28764	null	null
8774619489@skytel.com	28765	null	null
jim.goughary@enron.com	28766	null	null
kdenne@enron.com	28767	null	null
steve.case@convene.com	28768	null	null
cmculbe@us.ibm.com	28769	null	null
v7ath@msn.com	28770	null	null
jbra@dynegy.com	28771	null	null
jeremy.metz@verizon.com	28772	null	null
sonia.perez@enron.com	28773	null	null
jfields@argent.com	28774	null	null
jfields@argentinc.com	28774	null	null
tompopplewell@akllp.com	28775	null	null
tsturm@altra.com	28776	null	null
nicole.lauzier@enron.com	28777	null	null
anna_ball@patagonia.com	28778	null	null
steve.wurzel@enron.com	28779	null	null
joe.edwards@enron.com	28780	null	null
david.swearingen@csfb.com	28781	null	null
dan.ogrady@williams.com	28782	null	null
maria.rutella@cwt.com	28783	null	null
raisler@sullcrom.com	28784	null	null
pconde@pppc.org	28785	null	null
msngamingzone_025508@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	28786	null	null
carson_mmm@news.carsongroup.com	28787	null	null
timothy.taylor@apg.amedd.army.mil	28788	null	null
path@fogartyklein.com	28789	null	null
ossusrgrp@npcc.org	28790	null	null
j8276-r4388@iqmailer.net	28791	null	null
pdth39@hotmail.com	28792	null	null
lnewnam@lacdc.org	28793	null	null
schockling.greg@enron.com	28794	null	null
bki2886415@aol.com	28795	null	null
beckyp@bammel.org	28796	null	null
james.heckler@csfb.com	28797	null	null
wade.enron@enron.com	28798	null	null
rbeste1301@aol.com	28799	null	null
sschleimer@calpine.com	28800	null	null
susan.broughton@avistacorp.com	28801	null	null
dstaine@ect.enron.com	28802	null	null
circulation@smenergy.com	28803	null	null
circulation@softserver.com	28803	null	null
spanky@nkn.net	28804	null	null
the_khans2001@yahoo.com	28805	null	null
kate.hollis@enron.com	28806	null	null
pey_ning@yahoo.com	28807	null	null
nicholap@asiasoc.org	28808	null	null
lincoln.anderson@enron.com	28809	null	null
deadmandrj@aol.com	28810	null	null
kenneth.chow@enron.com	28811	null	null
christopher.foster@enron.com	28812	null	null
michaelearly@earthlink.net	28813	null	null
rob.gramlich@neg.pge.com	28814	null	null
kbritton@ix.netcom.com	28815	null	null
fredmaverick@aol.com	28816	null	null
walters.steve@enron.com	28817	null	null
kurzw@winstim.com	28818	null	null
chad.pennix@enron.com	28819	null	null
beau.harrison@enron.com	28820	null	null
david.grevelle@enron.com	28821	null	null
hendrixdrh@aol.com	28822	null	null
scrimale.bob@bcg.com	28823	null	null
johnj@bcjlaw.com	28824	null	null
racer91@aol.com	28825	null	null
abrock@poloralphlauren.com	28826	null	null
scott.shishido@enron.com	28827	null	null
lbcunningham@mail.utexas.edu	28828	null	null
tkunde@aesc.com	28829	null	null
kittyspaz@yahoo.com	28830	null	null
rpwilson@duke-energy.com	28831	null	null
smccracken@colcnr.com	28832	null	null
mytx@findlaw.com	28833	null	null
john.campbell@enron.com	28834	null	null
cgp1@cornell.edu	28835	null	null
aadovasio@newscorp.com	28836	null	null
dan.hamilton@sappi-na.com	28837	null	null
r.sharp@enron.com	28838	null	null
legal.temp.3@enron.com	28839	null	null
gwen.espree@enron.com	28840	null	null
tragar@texas.net	28841	null	null
glenna.madeiros@enron.com	28842	null	null
loisr@iepa.com	28843	null	null
acquisitions180@yahoo.com	28844	null	null
ljenkin@enron.com	28845	null	null
jgoodin@caiso.com	28846	null	null
sarah.novosel@enron.com	28847	null	null
remove-2apb5h3ya3s41jsbm84mh4b0axx89ve@adm.chtah.com	28848	null	null
marsha.francis@enron.com	28849	null	null
w83o7k6zss@concentric.net	28850	null	null
tbal93@yahoo.com	28851	null	null
multi2@wscc.com	28852	null	null
stickybeaver@yahoo.com	28853	null	null
paul.schiavone@enron.com	28854	null	null
autolist@lntercasino.com	28855	null	null
'eugene.connors@enron.com	28856	null	null
beverly.miller@enron.com	28857	null	null
robert.olmstead@enron.com	28858	null	null
tleo@fce.com	28859	null	null
peeinc@aol.com	28860	null	null
lemelpe@nu.com	28861	null	null
dkruger@lcra.org	28862	null	null
kaplan.donald@enron.com	28863	null	null
aozols@gmssr.com	28864	null	null
hostmaster@register.com	28865	null	null
tyrell.harrison@enron.com	28866	null	null
tony.mataya@enron.com	28867	null	null
marianne.wilkins@enron.com	28868	null	null
george_caouette@br-inc.ca	28869	null	null
memories@corp.classmates.com	28870	null	null
elberg.gelin@enron.com	28871	null	null
samantha.ray@enron.com	28872	null	null
jalstad@ensr.com	28873	null	null
betokuhn@msn.com	28874	null	null
bob.klein@enron.com	28875	null	null
saddy@cba.ua.edu	28876	null	null
michael.belmont@enron.com	28877	null	null
rick.simpson@asm.ca.gov	28878	null	null
sengnke@prairielands.com	28879	null	null
talarson@bpa.gov	28880	null	null
amatim@niagaramohawk.com	28881	null	null
42.6859.55-takaoksqcozrdr4xmdrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	28882	null	null
dgoldstein@nrdc.org	28883	null	null
derek.anderson@enron.com	28884	null	null
marcus.hancock@pseg.com	28885	null	null
mhackney@apsc.com	28886	null	null
caroline.schaeffer@enron.com	28887	null	null
watson.brad@enron.com	28888	null	null
psimons@enron.co.uk	28889	null	null
casey.ragsdale@enron.com	28890	null	null
im1timescape@netscape.net	28891	null	null
richard.park@enron.com	28892	null	null
mfindsen@houston.rr.com	28893	null	null
richard.zdunkewicz@enron.com	28894	null	null
myvalor@yahoo.com	28895	null	null
ryoung4@enron.com	28896	null	null
apatel@nsi.edu	28897	null	null
cunningh@sjsuvm1.sjsu.edu	28898	null	null
kdbailey@hewitt.com	28899	null	null
jwolf@regenthotels.com	28900	null	null
glowest@prodigy.net	28901	null	null
jennifer.lind@enron.com	28902	null	null
borenste@haas.berkeley.edu	28903	null	null
todd.kimberlain@enron.com	28904	null	null
samuel.grossman@enron.com	28905	null	null
zyft02@yahoo.com	28906	null	null
frank.sosa@enron.com	28907	null	null
mschwartz@reedsmith.com	28908	null	null
ryan.taylor@enron.com	28909	null	null
susan.elledge@enron.com	28910	null	null
nyiso_spwg@lists.nyiso.com	28911	null	null
jeremy.wong@enron.com	28912	null	null
buy.com230@enews.buy.com	28913	null	null
post-zev-program@listserv.arb.ca.gov	28914	null	null
vincent.duane@southernenergy.com	28915	null	null
darrin_presto@rsd.edu	28916	null	null
dana.jones@enron.com	28917	null	null
kryager@home.com	28918	null	null
david.marcus@everypath.com	28919	null	null
bruce_kohrs@keyspancanada.com	28920	null	null
bruce_kohrs@gulf.ca	28920	null	null
monica.mack@chase.com	28921	null	null
tstaggs@enron.com	28922	null	null
hbr.625@hbr.ed10.net	28923	null	null
mylottomail@gr-mailbck.mylottomail.com	28924	null	null
richard.jones@enron.com	28925	null	null
churrascos_bayarea@hotmail.com	28926	null	null
jgreen@aedc.org	28927	null	null
deepayansarkar@yahoo.com	28928	null	null
wknebel@finsvcs.com	28929	null	null
robert.cooper@enron.com	28930	null	null
michael.sim@enron.com	28931	null	null
danny.stahl@enron.com	28932	null	null
marie.hejka@enron.com	28933	null	null
'van.driel@enron.com	28934	null	null
gburns@cemexusa.com	28935	null	null
prebonenergy@corporateecards.com	28936	null	null
rconnell@ercot.com	28937	null	null
sbs@cpuc.ca.gov	28938	null	null
bounce-brookings_alert-25465@www.brook.edu	28939	null	null
lizz39@aol.com	28940	null	null
regina.karsolich@enron.com	28941	null	null
john.thomas@enron.com	28942	null	null
amy_lorusso@timeinc.com	28943	null	null
turner.gary@enron.com	28944	null	null
jbarquin@velaw.com	28945	null	null
partners-greenlight@amazon.com	28946	null	null
pkeeler@br-inc.com	28947	null	null
marihayes@hotmail.com	28948	null	null
jgwhite@ppco.com	28949	null	null
cmclurg@cadvision.com	28950	null	null
jmcfarl@enron.com	28951	null	null
enron.affairs@enron.com	28952	null	null
maryurquhart@earthlink.net	28953	null	null
kirk.smith@enron.com	28954	null	null
grafted@enroll.com	28955	null	null
ram7@pge.com	28956	null	null
twinter@caiso.com	28957	null	null
alejandro.hernandez@enron.com	28958	null	null
staci.holtzman@enron.com	28959	null	null
stefan-jorg.gobel@enron.com	28960	null	null
rbanzai@yahoo.com	28961	null	null
adam.overfield@enron.com	28962	null	null
kathy.mckay@enron.com	28963	null	null
hooey.j'monte@enron.com	28964	null	null
tl.edwards@halliburton.com	28965	null	null
rpelote@energy.twc.com	28966	null	null
2.3004.2c-kmpmgctyqujg.1@cda01.cdnow.com	28967	null	null
"reddish@enron.com	28968	null	null
stephen.hooser@enron.com	28969	null	null
ttong@jiss.com	28970	null	null
michael.green@enron.com	28971	null	null
jthai@caiso.com	28972	null	null
allison.wing@gazoontite.com	28973	null	null
psorrells@periwinklefoundation.org	28974	null	null
agrovil@huglushotguns.com	28975	null	null
hale.tommy@enron.com	28976	null	null
heather.hall@enron.com	28977	null	null
peter.stringer@enron.com	28978	null	null
419525.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	28979	null	null
aws4@pge.com	28980	null	null
iris.wong@enron.com	28981	null	null
jvd024@hotmail.com	28982	null	null
c11177@au.ru	28983	null	null
mayers.ralph@enron.com	28984	null	null
amitava.dhar@enron.com	28985	null	null
jose.linardi@enron.com	28986	null	null
david.patton@enron.com	28987	null	null
adbaby@aol.com	28988	null	null
adamsholly@netscape.net	28989	null	null
jesse.alvarado@enron.com	28990	null	null
michael.hutchins@ubsw.com	28991	null	null
seng@nkeprairielands.com	28992	null	null
lsdd671wb@excite.com	28993	null	null
growthstock189643@yahoo.co.jp	28994	null	null
randal.t.maffett@enron.com	28995	null	null
melissaspears@open2win.oi3.net	28996	null	null
gnapiorkowski@intertrust.com	28997	null	null
hvc2qtr1cn@hotmail.com	28998	null	null
specials1@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	28999	null	null
draack@firstunion1.com	29000	null	null
heegp@epenergy.com	29001	null	null
maeve_robinson@omnicomny.com	29002	null	null
robert.quick@enron.com	29003	null	null
oasismktparticipants@caiso.com	29004	null	null
glen.hiner@owenscorning.com	29005	null	null
lisa.mcclendon@enron.com	29006	null	null
alan_batt@oxy.com	29007	null	null
phillip.lord@enron.com	29008	null	null
sms12289@aol.com	29009	null	null
mike.alexander@exxon.com	29010	null	null
beverly.aden@enron.com	29011	null	null
jnathan@nacore.com	29012	null	null
levine_dan@hotmail.com	29013	null	null
tom.mccall@entergykoch.com	29014	null	null
steve.gillespie@enron.com	29015	null	null
overbey@fuse.net	29016	null	null
mlide@earthlink.net	29017	null	null
craigm@azcommerce.com	29018	null	null
vkaminsk@aol.com	29019	null	null
rcoley@kslaw.com	29020	null	null
maureen.hall-gatti@us.ngrid.com	29021	null	null
wonmi@cook-inlet.com	29022	null	null
tlowell01@aol.com	29023	null	null
strecker@financetrainer.com	29024	null	null
kmartinec@houston.rr.com	29025	null	null
jkollaer@houston.org	29026	null	null
diomedes.christodoulou@enron.com	29027	null	null
cynthia.knipe@ps.ge.com	29028	null	null
nadeem.abdullah@enron.com	29029	null	null
calgary.weather@ec.gc.ca	29030	null	null
damireles@duke-energy.com	29031	null	null
shance@siliconvalleypower.com	29032	null	null
cvinson@cmicro.com	29033	null	null
muaa@mizzou.com	29034	null	null
ami.chokshi@enron.com	29035	null	null
ami_chokshi@enron.com	29035	null	null
donna.slatten@enron.com	29036	null	null
oliver.gaylard@enron.com	29037	null	null
bill_rasch@raschgraphics.com	29038	null	null
gbrandon@tr.com	29039	null	null
karthik.rajan@enron.com	29040	null	null
michael.koss@us.pwcglobal.com	29041	null	null
doug.elmore@compaq.com	29042	null	null
mshafa@caiso.com	29043	null	null
ny3p4uy@msn.com	29044	null	null
kristenm@jschmid.com	29045	null	null
dan.fournier@blakes.com	29046	null	null
r-6-728387-2981197-2-3244-us2-ff34a999@xmr3.com	29047	null	null
rcarroll@bracepatt.com	29048	null	null
rumaldo.lopez@enron.com	29049	null	null
abaird@lemle.com	29050	null	null
js@overlandpartners.com	29051	null	null
marussel@srpnet.com	29052	null	null
kkindall@yahoo.com	29053	null	null
tharsilla.broussard@enron.com	29054	null	null
gm@powerloom.com	29055	null	null
scenicvu@neosoft.com	29056	null	null
steve.olinde@enron.com	29057	null	null
pannesley@riskwaters.com	29058	null	null
barrie_pace.ue.c13534.r39146906@ixs1.net	29059	null	null
brad.blevins@enron.com	29060	null	null
lawrenceboe@enron.com	29061	null	null
elsesser.evelyn@enron.com	29062	null	null
hmunoz@chircpo.hyatt.com	29063	null	null
golfnbud@aol.com	29064	null	null
jeffrey.t.hodge@enron.com	29065	null	null
jeffrey.hodge@enron.com	29065	null	null
ken.lewchuk@enron.com	29066	null	null
andrew.miles@enron.com	29067	null	null
new.net@customoffers.com	29068	null	null
lane.hughston@kcl.ac.uk	29069	null	null
21f37c937842ec742e5ffa3947742e7999@tm02.com	29070	null	null
philip.polsky@enron.com	29071	null	null
andrew.b.bishop-1@ou.edu	29072	null	null
alkeo@hotmail.com	29073	null	null
russ.kovin@elpaso.com	29074	null	null
beilby.lori@enron.com	29075	null	null
smacrorie@utilicorp.com	29076	null	null
schang@cook-inlet.com	29077	null	null
scott.farrell@msj.com.au	29078	null	null
chris.schopfer@enron.com	29079	null	null
lavering.gary@enron.com	29080	null	null
john.tempesta@austinenergy.com	29081	null	null
raymond.bower@enron.com	29082	null	null
gschocklin@aol.com	29083	null	null
bsbearden@hotmail.com	29084	null	null
jeff.bartlett@enron.com	29085	null	null
16b7@hotmail.com	29086	null	null
rdhawkings@zianet.com	29087	null	null
ken.choyce@enron.com	29088	null	null
roger.bhalla@compaq.com	29089	null	null
c.spalding@montmech.com	29090	null	null
eric.scott@enron.com	29091	null	null
jim.portouw@pacificorp.com	29092	null	null
2.3895.3b-cqbugn4uk7i0.1@cda01.cdnow.com	29093	null	null
cbentsen@abigailkirsch.com	29094	null	null
wayne.knupp@entergykoch.com	29095	null	null
cmprn107577@gm20.com	29096	null	null
freepaysitepasss@yahoo.com	29097	null	null
mirna.moscoso@enron.com	29098	null	null
cggarrod@cdp.bm	29099	null	null
susan.fernandez@enron.com	29100	null	null
chris.charbonneau@enron.com	29101	null	null
documents.420495.2651.0@compliance.advancedclearing.com	29102	null	null
sabert@att.net	29103	null	null
lisa.buck@dri-wefa.com	29104	null	null
meagan.brinkworth@enron.com	29105	null	null
carolyn.george@enron.com	29106	null	null
nkaraca@donwat.com	29107	null	null
dbva@radix.net	29108	null	null
sharpj@dsmo.com	29109	null	null
booksonart@aol.com	29110	null	null
great_offers@customoffers.com	29111	null	null
suvs@ev1.net	29112	null	null
clane@psc.state.wv.us	29113	null	null
mnolan@houston.rr.com	29114	null	null
jlimone@exchange.ml.com	29115	null	null
dale_griffin@aimfunds.com	29116	null	null
dale.griffin@enron.com	29116	null	null
cuomo_cynthia@jpmorgan.com	29117	null	null
leanne.chumley@enron.com	29118	null	null
fine.customers@mailman.enron.com	29119	null	null
djmollenkopf@aep.com	29120	null	null
john.monaco@citi.com	29121	null	null
'monaco@enron.com	29121	null	null
admit_rcmail@gsbvxb.uchicago.edu	29122	null	null
annette.schneider@enron.com	29123	null	null
lizzard@austin.rr.com	29124	null	null
rbarlow@anaheim.net	29125	null	null
sstenber@usgen.com	29126	null	null
specialalert@crmems.com	29127	null	null
neimanmarcus_support@neimanmarcus.chtah.com	29128	null	null
dan.shultz@enron.com	29129	null	null
acmilli@wharton.upenn.edu	29130	null	null
zaeza@unplace.com	29131	null	null
angela.white@enron.com	29132	null	null
alzu@dynegy.com	29133	null	null
cablenet-announce@lists.cablenet.com	29134	null	null
akell00@sears.com	29135	null	null
tony.goncalves@enron.com	29136	null	null
w..kinder@enron.com	29137	null	null
buddy8575@yukosjtchh.yahoo.com	29138	null	null
scott.churbock@enron.com	29139	null	null
jwyss@wrf.com	29140	null	null
settlebilling@ercot.com	29141	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.3344.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	29142	null	null
michael.garberding@enron.com	29143	null	null
jseidl@myhomekey.com	29144	null	null
crtwamley@aol.com	29145	null	null
jason.biever@enron.com	29146	null	null
hogan.will@enron.com	29147	null	null
diana.luu@enron.com	29148	null	null
jessica.white@enron.com	29149	null	null
geaccone.enron.ene.tracy@enron.com	29150	null	null
john.ranieri@enron.com	29151	null	null
pmclaughlin@aep.com	29152	null	null
marymankarious@aol.com	29153	null	null
norm.gonzales@enron.com	29154	null	null
jeffrey.sprecher@intcx.com	29155	null	null
ugstaff@haas.berkeley.edu	29156	null	null
mary.ruffer@enron.com	29157	null	null
fruitsalad@quickmail.quickhosts.com	29158	null	null
dealers@thesilverfund.com	29159	null	null
barbd@andrews-kurth.com	29160	null	null
diane.bazelides@enron.com	29161	null	null
luly.stephens@enron.com	29162	null	null
ceg_ir-news.um.a.2.78008@joinmail.ccbn.com	29163	null	null
bhill25@csc.com	29164	null	null
macharta@yahoo.com	29165	null	null
corinne_tapia@bayh.senate.gov	29166	null	null
ps5@andrew.cmu.edu	29167	null	null
wodenshek@enron.com	29168	null	null
customerservice.2425945.18195.0@service.potterybarn.com	29169	null	null
skusin@susmangodfrey.com	29170	null	null
marty.chrisman@enron.com	29171	null	null
hope.vargas@enron.com	29172	null	null
styler@spahouston.org	29173	null	null
ebs.communications@enron.com	29174	null	null
sncd@erols.com	29175	null	null
jbrowne4542@yahoo.com	29176	null	null
6.317.11-l8ripubksuw1yraj6gunkaa1l0sr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	29177	null	null
jennifer_lamprecht@oxy.com	29178	null	null
nancy.turner@enron.com	29179	null	null
r..gonzales@enron.com	29180	null	null
yank@trip.net	29181	null	null
travlisawill@peoplepc.com	29182	null	null
b24087@mail.ru	29183	null	null
nlorentzatos@br-inc.com	29184	null	null
findley.kari@enron.com	29185	null	null
bryanbilderback@coastalcorp.com	29186	null	null
wiz.ixgate.tx062m@wiz.ixgate	29187	null	null
joahnson7@excite.com	29188	null	null
fhelme@avaya.com	29189	null	null
jgillies@swbell.net	29190	null	null
masc@dynegy.com	29191	null	null
cgreasley@isda.org	29192	null	null
james_c_robertson@reliantenergy.com	29193	null	null
mpcarl@yahoo.com	29194	null	null
jr..legal@enron.com	29195	null	null
sschneider@aep.com	29196	null	null
carlos.bastos@enron.com	29197	null	null
pcmlean@proliance.com	29198	null	null
frank.zappala@enron.com	29199	null	null
fgiffels@hgp-inc.com	29200	null	null
nikole.jackson@enron.com	29201	null	null
beth.wapner@enron.com	29202	null	null
rfr@waldroneng.com	29203	null	null
david.poston@enron.com	29204	null	null
illumen@aol.com	29205	null	null
dave.parquet@enron.com	29206	null	null
afontenot@bracepatt.com	29207	null	null
jayanthi@traders.com	29208	null	null
don.iacobell@enron.com	29209	null	null
bcopeasw@aol.com	29210	null	null
botterwt@kochind.com	29211	null	null
iambic@aol.com	29212	null	null
infocmb@cuisinemb.com	29213	null	null
iauksrbbr@thebestemail.net	29214	null	null
marly.didizian_oldtemp@linklaters.com	29215	null	null
brenda_harmon@mudnebr.com	29216	null	null
mark.morrow@enron.com	29217	null	null
rrunyon@arb.ca.gov	29218	null	null
joanna_williams@hotmail.com	29219	null	null
bones4sale@aol.com	29220	null	null
peter.keohane@enron.com	29221	null	null
cenxy@mailserver.dk	29222	null	null
kberry@ocregister.com	29223	null	null
debbie_contreras@enron.net	29224	null	null
kevin_freeman@wr.com	29225	null	null
matthew_s_weig@rrfc.raytheon.com	29226	null	null
martha.benner@enron.com	29227	null	null
greer.mendelow@enron.com	29228	null	null
popularlink@freeipo.com	29229	null	null
gc1bd81@post.sk	29230	null	null
bkspee@aol.com	29231	null	null
bswilliams@cps-satx.com	29232	null	null
william.freije@enron.com	29233	null	null
janet.r.dietrich@enron.com	29234	null	null
kkohler@albchem.com	29235	null	null
beckman'.'robert@enron.com	29236	null	null
katina.smith@enron.com	29237	null	null
steven_mccabe@yahoo.com	29238	null	null
ppuente@enron.com	29239	null	null
gibson.beverly@enron.com	29240	null	null
rodrick.hayslett@enron.com	29241	null	null
mdpeterson@siriusimages.com	29242	null	null
melba.bowen@enron.com	29243	null	null
jothomas11@aol.com	29244	null	null
david.degabriele@enron.com	29245	null	null
rzochowski@shearman.com	29246	null	null
bobnovotny@juno.com	29247	null	null
--migrated--helpdesk@ercot.com	29248	null	null
patrycja.dalecka@destia.com	29249	null	null
bob.joyce@kvaerner.com	29250	null	null
rebecca.torres@enron.com	29251	null	null
ymvnvcasctd@concentric.net	29252	null	null
mark.friedman@enron.com	29253	null	null
cnamprem@cs.ucsd.edu	29254	null	null
wayne.reed@xemkt.com	29255	null	null
w5ku@aol.com	29256	null	null
ben.brasseaux@enron.com	29257	null	null
minimotom@aol.com	29258	null	null
bowser.chad@enron.com	29259	null	null
sharyn.walsh-mcakay@pseg.com	29260	null	null
bussan.jeff@enron.com	29261	null	null
ellie.ahmadi@enron.com	29262	null	null
natasha.davis@enron.com	29263	null	null
kgarland@sterlinggrp.net	29264	null	null
bogart@nol.net	29265	null	null
bafco.houston@pdq.net	29266	null	null
wpowers@mail.law.utexas.edu	29267	null	null
adrianna.ay@enron.com	29268	null	null
jeanne.naughton-carr@cwt.com	29269	null	null
jsikes@cfr.org	29270	null	null
hadolfsson@hudson-nyc.com	29271	null	null
daniele.cunha@enron.com	29272	null	null
bobbie.power@enron.com	29273	null	null
bartvonsimpson@aol.com	29274	null	null
tobin.alland@enron.com	29275	null	null
lockley@png.cng.com	29276	null	null
mark.ruane@enron.com	29277	null	null
elliottsa@earthlink.net	29278	null	null
mlpdgrace@yahoo.com	29279	null	null
george.kneisley@enron.com	29280	null	null
strevin@enron.com	29281	null	null
thomasko@microsoft.com	29282	null	null
jbreeden@psp.com	29283	null	null
lgibbs@klcorp.com	29284	null	null
isb@aol.com	29285	null	null
charles.turcich@enron.com	29286	null	null
tomforde.jim@enron.com	29287	null	null
carlos.choudri@csfb.com	29288	null	null
dcallanan@cera.com	29289	null	null
cklabrenz@earthlink.net	29290	null	null
keith.macivor@enron.com	29291	null	null
lstevens@wt.net	29292	null	null
mike.moran@enron.com	29293	null	null
leonard.mason@enron.com	29294	null	null
alex.allgood@enron.com	29295	null	null
john.mary@enron.com	29296	null	null
rkrumme@austin.rr.com	29297	null	null
rkrumme@mailgw.w-g.com	29297	null	null
currie.michael@enron.com	29298	null	null
jodis@questar.com	29299	null	null
kirbyjw@pjm.com	29300	null	null
hamto@rice.edu	29301	null	null
lesleycm@hotmail.com	29302	null	null
melia.dickson@enron.com	29303	null	null
jrusso@houstontech.org	29304	null	null
millmedia@hotmail.com	29305	null	null
bonnie.baum@enron.com	29306	null	null
willie.williams@enron.com	29307	null	null
oed@rice.edu	29308	null	null
dwa8@pge.com	29309	null	null
lisameador@aol.com	29310	null	null
paul.drexelius@cinergy.com	29311	null	null
stephen.borden@enron.com	29312	null	null
jturner2@enron.com	29313	null	null
kingram@lockeliddell.com	29314	null	null
sfischer@murthalaw.com	29315	null	null
kjmccutch@yahoo.com	29316	null	null
woneill@beaumont.edu	29317	null	null
rtio@enron.com	29318	null	null
john.simmons@enron.com	29319	null	null
michael.del-colle@mms.gov	29320	null	null
innocominc@aol.com	29321	null	null
vivian.de@enron.com	29322	null	null
sbrennanhrg@aol.com	29323	null	null
slong@exodusenergy.com	29324	null	null
lmwilson@mcn.org	29325	null	null
jebeling@tractebelusa.com	29326	null	null
asc@interactivemarketing.com	29327	null	null
kelleytralle@yahoo.com	29328	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.105390@joinmail.ccbn.com	29329	null	null
dalcoger@mediaone.net	29330	null	null
gary.allen@enron.com	29331	null	null
joandave@pdq.net	29332	null	null
citibank.bill.manager.subscribers@mailman.enron.com	29333	null	null
blundyp@bennettjones.ca	29334	null	null
bryant.frihart@enron.com	29335	null	null
carlee.gawiuk@enron.com	29336	null	null
rkeene@mclarty.com	29337	null	null
gregory_spitzer@chicago.kirkland.com	29338	null	null
centertemp@houston.org	29339	null	null
ac_fare_flash@guava.ease.lsoft.com	29340	null	null
dclolinger@yahoo.com	29341	null	null
xxbuldogx@aol.com	29342	null	null
rrivera@susmangodfrey.com	29343	null	null
kristi.fredericks@enron.com	29344	null	null
brian.m.corbman@bofasecurities.com	29345	null	null
clicktrip@travelpark.com	29346	null	null
clicktrip@allianceworldwide.com	29346	null	null
catch_of_the_day@listserv.redherring.com	29347	null	null
cfernelius@ccj-law.com	29348	null	null
ksullivan@hopebeckham.com	29349	null	null
brian.terp@enron.com	29350	null	null
jpenney@hollandlessard.com	29351	null	null
lowery.brian@enron.com	29352	null	null
automatedmail@mplanners.com	29353	null	null
brian.larkin@enron.com	29354	null	null
carol.kraemer@enron.com	29355	null	null
jmhpower@aol.com	29356	null	null
akhan@khanventures.com	29357	null	null
jamie.shand@enron.com	29358	null	null
rebecca.mark@enron.com	29359	null	null
jhadda1@epelectric.com	29360	null	null
ksaucier@hobbycomm.com	29361	null	null
joseph.bauman@bankofamerica.com	29362	null	null
frank.chmiel@us.abb.com	29363	null	null
faretracker_007807@faretracker.expedia.customer-email.com	29364	null	null
william.evans@citicorp.com	29365	null	null
muncie5863@yahoo.com	29366	null	null
ron.johns@inknowvator.com	29367	null	null
billprob@aol.net	29368	null	null
eileenk@calpine.com	29369	null	null
tigerstock-admin@tigerinvestor.com	29370	null	null
contest@sportingbetusa.com	29371	null	null
timothy.vail@enron.com	29372	null	null
bergner@enron.com	29373	null	null
mattmcc@traverse.com	29374	null	null
j..farmer@enron.com	29375	null	null
carey.mansfield@enron.com	29376	null	null
cwcarso@yahoo.com	29377	null	null
cecilia.cheung@enron.com	29378	null	null
dlaws@houston.rr.com	29379	null	null
richard.reichardt@enron.com	29380	null	null
dale.rasmussen@enron.com	29381	null	null
lowman@sparta.rice.edu	29382	null	null
robert.deshazo@enron.com	29383	null	null
fvicker@enron.com	29384	null	null
partho.ghosh@enron.com	29385	null	null
credit.dl-rac@enron.com	29386	null	null
gayla.jones@williams.com	29387	null	null
kdrager@idacorpenergy.com	29388	null	null
rae.meadows@enron.com	29389	null	null
frank.brannvoll@storaenso.com	29390	null	null
donotreply@webmail.fp.edu	29391	null	null
tibor.vizkelety":@enron.com	29392	null	null
billboedecker@yahoo.com	29393	null	null
jcwwh@aol.com	29394	null	null
sector59@enron.com	29395	null	null
louis.martinez@compaq.com	29396	null	null
molly.bobrow@enron.com	29397	null	null
slimpme@aol.com	29398	null	null
amsaez@bankinter.es	29399	null	null
jack.mcadoo@enron.com	29400	null	null
fxwen@bechtel.com	29401	null	null
mhenergy@yahoo.com	29402	null	null
chris.sebesta@enron.com	29403	null	null
jrmostel@llgm.com	29404	null	null
cruise411.com@opt02.edirectnetwork.net	29405	null	null
rswanson@sempra.com	29406	null	null
taylor.beach@enron.com	29407	null	null
games-register@yahoo-inc.com	29408	null	null
eanta@rpa.state.nj.us	29409	null	null
kneenjm@bp.com	29410	null	null
adsprojectii@caiso.com	29411	null	null
cirens@isda-eur.org	29412	null	null
462335.126941280.1@1.americanexpress.com	29413	null	null
peter.bisztyga@ssmb.com	29414	null	null
webinar@ventaso.com	29415	null	null
timothy.rivali@compaq.com	29416	null	null
maradams@medicine.nodak.edu	29417	null	null
jzively@earthlink.net	29418	null	null
velardeanita@msn.com	29419	null	null
cmicheli@carpentersnodgrass.com	29420	null	null
fordf250@marchmail.com	29421	null	null
sshields@questia.com	29422	null	null
banorcini@marathonoil.com	29423	null	null
john.zimmerman@enron.com	29424	null	null
rrdvl@hotbot.com	29425	null	null
1.3250.20-wnhgsd-zenl4.1@mailer.realage.com	29426	null	null
travelsmith.103260620@s2u2.com	29427	null	null
blanca.carrizales@enron.com	29428	null	null
bctr@dynegy.com	29429	null	null
stephen.jones@enron.com	29430	null	null
john.wehsle@gs.com	29431	null	null
msngamingzone_030432@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	29432	null	null
sarahharlan@qwest.net	29433	null	null
altacharo@hotmail.com	29434	null	null
gng1234@aol.com	29435	null	null
patricia.clark@enron.com	29436	null	null
spisano@sprintmail.com	29437	null	null
vjkraus@daikonet.co.jp	29438	null	null
robina.barker-bennett@enron.com	29439	null	null
sjdemarco@nyseg.com	29440	null	null
fkarbarz@houstontech.org	29441	null	null
achokshi@firstcallassociates.com	29442	null	null
juan.torres@enron.com	29443	null	null
cheryl.ingstad@enron.com	29444	null	null
mileagepromotions@gromit.alaskaair.com	29445	null	null
virginia.dennard@enron.com	29446	null	null
cjackson1@txu.com	29447	null	null
eworzero@netscape.net	29448	null	null
bnimocks@zeusdevelopment.com	29449	null	null
ken.satterly@mirant.com	29450	null	null
co.o.l._112100@airmail.continental.com	29451	null	null
annamarie.la@marquette.edu	29452	null	null
ligges@statistik.uni-dortmund.de	29453	null	null
a@echostar.com	29454	null	null
life_quotes@yahoo.com	29455	null	null
cricci@peco-energy.com	29456	null	null
itinvestor@utarget.sparklist.com	29457	null	null
snewton@ev1.net	29458	null	null
executive.committee@enron.com	29459	null	null
confirm_4_73bc61e2b4f341d7f6a970ff0b5387754eda42aaa6d506b5cfc4f3b2b4fde63e_holdenoo1@newman.oscar.aol.com	29460	null	null
annette.estrella@enron.com	29461	null	null
patriciafauregallery@earthlink.net	29462	null	null
besty@hbs.edu	29463	null	null
dee.madole@enron.com	29464	null	null
tony_r_frontino@calpx.com	29465	null	null
productreview@bdcimail.com	29466	null	null
vhart@enron.com	29467	null	null
basile@enron.com	29468	null	null
di.mu@enron.com	29469	null	null
bbburnett@llgm.com	29470	null	null
stephanie.taylor@enron.com	29471	null	null
kevin.sweeney@enron.com	29472	null	null
dragan.popovich@enron.com	29473	null	null
jacqueline.jackson@enron.com	29474	null	null
christy.benton@enron.com	29475	null	null
hdmd@downtowndistrict.org	29476	null	null
ibuyit.corp@enron.com	29477	null	null
bill.mathews@enron.com	29478	null	null
enw.domestic.employee.list@enron.com	29479	null	null
yatman22@yahoo.com	29480	null	null
dfrrrr23222@yahoo.com	29481	null	null
bestes@cwt.com	29482	null	null
joe.capasso@enron.com	29483	null	null
scmailsupport@sullcrom.com	29484	null	null
cheryl.lindeman@enron.com	29485	null	null
jsteen@sugar-land.oilfield.slb.com	29486	null	null
houirtreas@compaq.com	29487	null	null
us_epp_clickathome@dell.com	29488	null	null
carol.bowen@dakousa.com	29489	null	null
jmangold@caem.org	29490	null	null
aclair@moheck.com	29491	null	null
chutcheson@lockeliddell.com	29492	null	null
analytics.risk@enron.com	29493	null	null
ncianflone@keyspanenergy.com	29494	null	null
rickyc@landmarkchevorlet.com	29495	null	null
alex.bandini@petroleum-economics.com	29496	null	null
l.broussard@enron.com	29497	null	null
aivancovich@andrews-kurth.com	29498	null	null
jobsonline@goemsi.com	29499	null	null
nkmorgado@bpa.gov	29500	null	null
tyler.seminuk@enron.com	29501	null	null
jongaeyu@hotmail.com	29502	null	null
support-l90@adm.chtah.com	29503	null	null
ken.parker@enron.com	29504	null	null
or4ne@or4ne.com	29505	null	null
mpechin@pwrteam.com	29506	null	null
pmilliken@sdchamber.org	29507	null	null
pgutman@utilicorp.com	29508	null	null
chasepur@aol.com	29509	null	null
gporter@sppc.com	29510	null	null
stuartwright@friedwire.com	29511	null	null
jlabban@caiso.com	29512	null	null
john.redding@gene.ge.com	29513	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_029625@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	29514	null	null
athomas@newenergy.com	29515	null	null
eugene.zeitz@enron.com	29516	null	null
brown.morgan@enron.com	29517	null	null
victor.bulbes@enron.com	29518	null	null
aferguson@altmancronin.com	29519	null	null
jaye@rice.edu	29520	null	null
toxley@winston.com	29521	null	null
jjill@clickaction.net	29522	null	null
verlene.joseph@do.treas.gov	29523	null	null
bjm@jps.net	29524	null	null
kingleon@pdq.net	29525	null	null
john.singer@enron.com	29526	null	null
kristi.louthan@enron.com	29527	null	null
jeff.stephens@enron.com	29528	null	null
bsteinhart@hbvllc.com	29529	null	null
bsteinhart@yahoo.com	29529	null	null
colin.bailey@enron.com	29530	null	null
selliott@dttus.com	29531	null	null
mitchell.adrian@enron.com	29532	null	null
jjava@bracepatt.com	29533	null	null
meg.timberg@opg.com	29534	null	null
gholtz@mdbe.com	29535	null	null
b21036@miesto.sk	29536	null	null
glepub5@yahoo.com	29537	null	null
goldenj@allenovery.com	29538	null	null
x-type@globalbeach.com	29539	null	null
lcoldwater-slx@xcert.com	29540	null	null
jeff.merola@enron.com	29541	null	null
jach@dynegy.com	29542	null	null
parker.drew@msdw.com	29543	null	null
janet.audunson@orionpowerny.com	29544	null	null
thielhorn'.'aaron@enron.com	29545	null	null
edward.brady@enron.com	29546	null	null
jroyer@tcbhou.com	29547	null	null
sjm8@pge.com	29548	null	null
camille.goto@worldtravel.com	29549	null	null
alexandra.villarreal@enron.com	29550	null	null
jheard@kcom.edu	29551	null	null
marineroffice@mariner-energy.com	29552	null	null
krista.kisch@enron.com	29553	null	null
clinton.comeaux@enron.com	29554	null	null
korth'.'andrea@enron.com	29555	null	null
mike.abbott@enron.com	29556	null	null
shane.dallmann@enron.com	29557	null	null
wright.bill@enron.com	29558	null	null
critz.smith@enron.com	29559	null	null
marketinfo2002651478@yahoo.com	29560	null	null
hhardy3953@aol.com	29561	null	null
rcds20011116@ombramarketing.com	29562	null	null
melissa.ginocchio@idrc.org	29563	null	null
janet_h_wallis@enron.com	29564	null	null
janet.h.wallis@enron.com	29564	null	null
carin.barth@enron.com	29565	null	null
frank.cernosek@enron.com	29566	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_038111@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	29567	null	null
saddelin32@yahoo.com	29568	null	null
katrin.haux@enron.com	29569	null	null
johnbepa@macol.net	29570	null	null
agave@pvtnetworks.net	29571	null	null
anne.yaeger@enron.com	29572	null	null
dwloughridge@hotmail.com	29573	null	null
barryg@seas.upenn.edu	29574	null	null
bgarza_99@yahoo.com	29575	null	null
bret.prichard@cal.nmss.org	29576	null	null
priese.fred@enron.com	29577	null	null
pglaess@columbiaenergygroup.com	29578	null	null
paal76@meadowhall.co.uk	29579	null	null
sue.kelly@enron.com	29580	null	null
ablumrosen@aol.com	29581	null	null
pixxxievixxxen@aol.com	29582	null	null
tgeswein@cinergy.com	29583	null	null
ed.agner@enron.com	29584	null	null
mhundt@br-inc.ca	29585	null	null
flip_lewis@yahoo.com	29586	null	null
6.1594.e6-rqoc_crbykxpm9rr.1@mailb.travelocity.com	29587	null	null
mdidrikson@llgm.com	29588	null	null
melinda.winn@enron.com	29589	null	null
offers_html.um.a.1.4044@lists.smartmoney.com	29590	null	null
hpuser28@ns1.i-mobi.net	29591	null	null
smithtm2@bp.com	29592	null	null
bruce_c._klink@eog.cng.com	29593	null	null
dhaines@sempra.com	29594	null	null
thadwhite@avaya.com	29595	null	null
carolyn_moss@dom.com	29596	null	null
dlmckay@duke.edu	29597	null	null
teddy.g.jones@usa.conoco.com	29598	null	null
henry.terech@enron.com	29599	null	null
northwoods@canada.com	29600	null	null
linda.ewing@enron.com	29601	null	null
kaycole@bu.edu	29602	null	null
marc.wharton@enron.com	29603	null	null
sreichhelm@tagaviation.com	29604	null	null
jhowe@haas.berkeley.edu	29605	null	null
somer/canwest/ibm.lawren@enron.com	29606	null	null
mhawkins@vyvos.com	29607	null	null
jscowan@aol.com	29608	null	null
8887107934@pagenetmessage.net	29609	null	null
tniv@msn.com	29610	null	null
6.1027.f7-cwsblm1zoywtjrrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	29611	null	null
eespower@enron.com	29612	null	null
mo.elafandi@enron.com	29613	null	null
johan_s20@hotmail.com	29614	null	null
edward_schrom@dps.state.ny.us	29615	null	null
chamber@flatonia-tx.com	29616	null	null
deborah.marino@msdw.com	29617	null	null
fred.pickel@alum.mit.edu	29618	null	null
expediafaretracker_031720@expedia.customer-email.com	29619	null	null
bob.felix@enron.com	29620	null	null
gstorey_71@yahoo.com	29621	null	null
redelman@roe.com	29622	null	null
kelley.huntley@enron.com	29623	null	null
stewart.rosman@enron.com	29624	null	null
patricia.boulanger@enron.com	29625	null	null
kabdab@aol.com	29626	null	null
eacreel@tva.gov	29627	null	null
jubran.whalen@enron.com	29628	null	null
sgentry@oneok.com	29629	null	null
e..whatley@enron.com	29630	null	null
colleen.koenig@enron.com	29631	null	null
adam.bauer@enron.com	29632	null	null
pepi.beltran@enron.com	29633	null	null
chris.sonneborn@enron.com	29634	null	null
lplatter@tconl.com	29635	null	null
lacorte@haas.berkeley.edu	29636	null	null
rminto@risk.co.uk	29637	null	null
kevin.radous@enron.com	29638	null	null
jquick@zilkha.com	29639	null	null
whitej@cadvision.com	29640	null	null
huan.loh@enron.com	29641	null	null
diamnsafir@mailman.enron.com	29642	null	null
lisbet.newton@enron.com	29643	null	null
frank.marino@enron.com	29644	null	null
bob.mcchane@enron.com	29645	null	null
cabel@ect.enron.com	29646	null	null
customercenter@forrester.com	29647	null	null
midday24@alerts.equityalert.com	29648	null	null
faizs@texaco.com	29649	null	null
ac_world@guava.ease.lsoft.com	29650	null	null
mlk@pkns.com	29651	null	null
jimmy_johnston@mail.dnr.state.ga.us	29652	null	null
cspintzyk@thinkingahead.com	29653	null	null
egriggs@po-1.grinnell.k12.ia.us	29654	null	null
alumnijobs@anderson.ucla.edu	29655	null	null
claypull@aol.com	29656	null	null
crab1@flash.net	29657	null	null
anthony.tran@enron.com	29658	null	null
maria.houten@enron.com	29659	null	null
dggoddard@aol.com	29660	null	null
chenee'.franklin@enron.com	29661	null	null
jeff.westover@enron.com	29662	null	null
wack0@ecis.com	29663	null	null
brogden.sean@enron.com	29664	null	null
ariel.bruch@enron.com	29665	null	null
jepress@aol.com	29666	null	null
tina.rode@enron.com	29667	null	null
palmannouncements.6kg1w845.d@insync-palm.com	29668	null	null
continental_airlines_inc_041001@airmail.continental.com	29669	null	null
asokan@yahoo.com	29670	null	null
pozolin@legalanywhere.com	29671	null	null
morgstyles@hotmail.com	29672	null	null
fatpatde@aol.com	29673	null	null
amy.cooper@enron.com	29674	null	null
shannon.groenewold@enron.com	29675	null	null
kutner.stephen@enron.com	29676	null	null
otaylor@rice.edu	29677	null	null
todonnell@hollandhart.com	29678	null	null
uscriberspetroleumworld@hotmail.com	29679	null	null
allmybestestfriends.com@cps-co.com	29680	null	null
damion@enron.com	29681	null	null
kerrymcelroy@dwt.com	29682	null	null
petebaldwin1@mediaone.net	29683	null	null
gbehr@intellimark-it.com	29684	null	null
kourtneynelson@hotmail.com	29685	null	null
bacre@btutilities.com	29686	null	null
bafjjfjefmbfzef@cs.com	29687	null	null
ljc76@hotmail.com	29688	null	null
mccleskey@enron.com	29689	null	null
enerfaxtext@enerfax.com	29690	null	null
sallred@na.ko.com	29691	null	null
nancy.young@enron.com	29692	null	null
mistygalvin@clearchannel.com	29693	null	null
mattox.toby@enron.com	29694	null	null
wagnew@enron.com	29695	null	null
tbah20011113@ombramarketing.com	29696	null	null
fxcjmgkayrcxvhae@post.cz	29697	null	null
eticket@coair.com	29698	null	null
r-0-139247-203513-2-2902-uk1-151458d1@xmr3.com	29699	null	null
fred.lagrasta@enron.com	29700	null	null
dave.darnell@systrends.com	29701	null	null
billyh@ueplaza.com	29702	null	null
jglace@pwrteam.com	29703	null	null
joelle.martin@dal.frb.org	29704	null	null
infinity.users@enron.com	29705	null	null
doug.miller@enron.com	29706	null	null
pcyhmiy@nui.com	29707	null	null
jccassell@aol.com	29708	null	null
ayp@dentonwildesapte.com	29709	null	null
lcross@ingaa.org	29710	null	null
lisa.will@powerex.com	29711	null	null
jmalarsk@customerlinkone.com	29712	null	null
scott.jacobucci@elpaso.com	29713	null	null
asme-omae-houston@yahoogroups.com	29714	null	null
advapl@vsnl.com	29715	null	null
felipe.ospina@enron.com	29716	null	null
hankanne89@aol.com	29717	null	null
dave.nevius@nerc.net	29718	null	null
charles.jacobs@enron.com	29719	null	null
lisa.druzbik@enron.com	29720	null	null
jmball@ns.net	29721	null	null
aairmail@info.aa.com	29722	null	null
cmrsteeringcommittee@caiso.com	29723	null	null
tgcopeland@duke-energy.com	29724	null	null
wmson2222@aol.com	29725	null	null
mnuntill45@earthlink.net	29726	null	null
allison_b_sher@uhc.com	29727	null	null
vridhay.mathias@enron.com	29728	null	null
eastforkr@aol.com	29729	null	null
bartholomew@enron.com	29730	null	null
geoff.kates@lepus.co.uk	29731	null	null
meindert.witteveen@enron.com	29732	null	null
eddie.sera@enron.com	29733	null	null
bessie.hiler@enron.com	29734	null	null
morris.brassfield@enron.com	29735	null	null
tyler.theobald@enron.com	29736	null	null
ussearch.203339.526.0@reply.ussearch.com	29737	null	null
alevwho@mediaone.net	29738	null	null
clara.carrington@enron.com	29739	null	null
dhassem@citgo.com	29740	null	null
daggett'.'pierre@enron.com	29741	null	null
2.ews@enron.com	29742	null	null
marieg@nmoga.org	29743	null	null
electricity@lists.cec.org	29744	null	null
electricity@energy.ca.gov	29744	null	null
anne.duncan@enron.com	29745	null	null
donald.bishop@enron.com	29746	null	null
rosy.duron@enron.com	29747	null	null
lilianna.chui@ubsw.com	29748	null	null
mck@bellsouth.net	29749	null	null
bmcmills@duke-energy.com	29750	null	null
welcome-mail@amazon.com	29751	null	null
sswalters@stoel.com	29752	null	null
tgarza@onr.com	29753	null	null
lori.parker@enron.com	29754	null	null
stephanie.sever@enron.com	29755	null	null
epling686@yahoo.com	29756	null	null
stanfors@fleishman.com	29757	null	null
cts@nyiso.com	29758	null	null
giles.darby@rbcds.com	29759	null	null
hoffson@aol.com	29760	null	null
ae2323@aol.com	29761	null	null
tammy.brennig@enron.com	29762	null	null
tms-ditt2'.'holden-baker@enron.com	29763	null	null
fellows@talk.nga.org	29764	null	null
kalmick@enron.com	29765	null	null
sgrueneberg@agsk.com	29766	null	null
scada.users@enron.com	29767	null	null
danny.lee@enron.com	29768	null	null
kkekx@flashmail.com	29769	null	null
elizabeth.vergara@powerpool.ab.ca	29770	null	null
mwoita@home.com	29771	null	null
jmcafee@hearme.com	29772	null	null
tedjlee@aol.com	29773	null	null
allan.roopan@socgen.com	29774	null	null
gsalazar@bcck.com	29775	null	null
todd.roten@enron.com	29776	null	null
dnocera@tristategt.org	29777	null	null
dennis.vegas@enron.com	29778	null	null
danielles@jonesgranger.com	29779	null	null
jcja@chevron.com	29780	null	null
joel.ephross@enron.com	29781	null	null
larry.kelley@enron.com	29782	null	null
services-notes@twst.com	29783	null	null
east.desk@enron.com	29784	null	null
karen.gruesen@enron.com	29785	null	null
sona.khanova@enron.com	29786	null	null
cy_zhao@hotmail.com	29787	null	null
burson@gastrader.net	29788	null	null
lynn.kerman@umusic.com	29789	null	null
ofra.mor@themarker.com	29790	null	null
kdecell@gassupplyconsulting.com	29791	null	null
breanden.allen@enron.com	29792	null	null
teresa.bosien@enron.com	29793	null	null
lerenda@aol.com	29794	null	null
robert.rudy@kmv.com	29795	null	null
pavel.koulikov@enron.com	29796	null	null
bhanlon@isda.org	29797	null	null
scottatlas@yahoo.com	29798	null	null
lei.chen@enron.com	29799	null	null
warrick.franklin@enron.com	29800	null	null
clintc@rocketball.com	29801	null	null
don.mauldin@dvn.com	29802	null	null
kristi.birdsall@eprime.com	29803	null	null
brenda.johnston@enron.com	29804	null	null
tpahos@ppallc.com	29805	null	null
timothy.hubbard@enron.com	29806	null	null
email_newsletter@mail.house.gov	29807	null	null
energy_group@mwe.com	29808	null	null
jcfleury@nyseg.com	29809	null	null
e-fficiencynews@lists.ase.org	29810	null	null
raveen_maan@city.palo-alto.ca.us	29811	null	null
ediamo@coair.com	29812	null	null
bdrobish@pacbell.net	29813	null	null
1.3587.35-mw3ssknzinio.1@mailer.realage.com	29814	null	null
skip_stevens@florida1.com	29815	null	null
john.neslage@enron.com	29816	null	null
joe.langston@enron.com	29817	null	null
esanford@milbank.com	29818	null	null
m..singer@enron.com	29819	null	null
.'august@enron.com	29820	null	null
august@enron.com	29820	null	null
r.abadie@enron.com	29821	null	null
kah386@ev1.net	29822	null	null
schumacherd@egehaina.com	29823	null	null
sostrow@bayou.uh.edu	29824	null	null
sostrow@uh.edu	29824	null	null
david.spurlin@compaq.com	29825	null	null
jll3@pge.com	29826	null	null
mnacht@socrates.berkeley.edu	29827	null	null
tdroupy@e2communications.com	29828	null	null
lindsay.renaud@enron.com	29829	null	null
42.6247.72-r8shopax0ef-rzw6r9rr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	29830	null	null
7u9k73h@msn.com	29831	null	null
patricia.rivera@enron.com	29832	null	null
book4golfnorthwest@teemail.teemaster.com	29833	null	null
tax.worldwide@enron.com	29834	null	null
dzpif@mecom.net	29835	null	null
libertytax@smartreminders.com	29836	null	null
verizonwireless@emsiweb.com	29837	null	null
ddavila@metasolv.com	29838	null	null
cglazzard@pdq.net	29839	null	null
ckramer2@csc.com	29840	null	null
david.leboe@enron.com	29841	null	null
adiza@enron.com	29842	null	null
jbarrett@mgltd.com	29843	null	null
paul.wood@pacificorp.com	29844	null	null
kingkoe@aol.com	29845	null	null
niraj.parikh@bus.utexas.edu	29846	null	null
tamkin.greg@dorseylaw.com	29847	null	null
vanessa.carranza@enron.com	29848	null	null
annatjain@hotmail.com	29849	null	null
edward.kevelson@americas.bnpparibas.com	29850	null	null
mpetroch@enron.com	29851	null	null
1.3572.cb-rhfp1yfr-7gf.1@mailer.realage.com	29852	null	null
robinson_linda@da.co.harris.tx.us	29853	null	null
expediafaretracker_026839@expedia.customer-email.com	29854	null	null
pspk@yahoo.com	29855	null	null
danderson@spahouston.org	29856	null	null
jimc45@aol.com	29857	null	null
6.886.f1-mttuqmcqulmkf0enqq4tud9guusr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	29858	null	null
pegues.billy&patti@enron.com	29859	null	null
mary.comello@enron.com	29860	null	null
mike.tapp@energyspectrum.com	29861	null	null
scott.leslie@dynegy.com	29862	null	null
christopher.hunt@enron.com	29863	null	null
helen.godel@clyde.co.uk	29864	null	null
mike_heggemen@hp.com	29865	null	null
akalaniz@hotmail.com	29866	null	null
kieran@cps-co.com	29867	null	null
cmonahan_99@yahoo.com	29868	null	null
jim.steitz@usu.edu	29869	null	null
jesse.bryson@enron.com	29870	null	null
bethc@pandaenergy.com	29871	null	null
john_e_mckinley@hotmail.com	29872	null	null
erika.edwards@enron.com	29873	null	null
pablo.torres@enron.com	29874	null	null
jesse_blackwell@ibi.com	29875	null	null
savita.puthigai@enron.com	29876	null	null
david.kolarik@enron.com	29877	null	null
siteadm@lga2.nytimes.com	29878	null	null
abelt@adventis.com	29879	null	null
maue@rice.edu	29880	null	null
acohen@gotostrategic.com	29881	null	null
iris.waser@enron.com	29882	null	null
toni.graham@enron.com	29883	null	null
battley.bud@enron.com	29884	null	null
elise.clark@enron.com	29885	null	null
allemployees@howard.edu	29886	null	null
marcelo.parodi@enron.com	29887	null	null
cgt_customer_services@nisource.com	29888	null	null
bachtiarf@cs.com	29889	null	null
smsdav@earthlink.net	29890	null	null
dhart1@aep.com	29891	null	null
mongeon.brian@enron.com	29892	null	null
krweaber@pfdj.com	29893	null	null
enron.alert@enron.com	29894	null	null
digamma@rcn.com	29895	null	null
hinkle.betsey@enron.com	29896	null	null
lisa.fair@enron.com	29897	null	null
laurie.willemyns@enron.com	29898	null	null
douglas.gunthert@enron.com	29899	null	null
aaguia@7emails.cc	29900	null	null
paul.murphy@enron.com	29901	null	null
douglas.condon@enron.com	29902	null	null
brmartin@utmb.edu	29903	null	null
jackson018@atozasia.com	29904	null	null
bonnie.abraham@enron.com	29905	null	null
bplan@haas.berkeley.edu	29906	null	null
hchh@qzip.net	29907	null	null
steve.ross@enron.com	29908	null	null
hstine@amunet.edu	29909	null	null
annemarie.hickson@exeloncorp.com	29910	null	null
dl-dji@enron.com	29911	null	null
evk1@pge.com	29912	null	null
wineenthusiast@clickaction.net	29913	null	null
gregory.mausser@enron.com	29914	null	null
karen.choyce@enron.com	29915	null	null
selected4@mailman.enron.com	29916	null	null
czenner@telepointe.com	29917	null	null
henleyinc@home.com	29918	null	null
gustavo.junqueira@enron.com	29919	null	null
perfectoffers@lists.em5000.com	29920	null	null
etterk@valero.com	29921	null	null
telegin@enron.com	29922	null	null
kim.stanley@enron.com	29923	null	null
robbie.pateder@enron.com	29924	null	null
josie.call@enron.com	29925	null	null
petroleumworldnews11@hotmail.com	29926	null	null
anita.patton@enron.com	29927	null	null
afsc@angelflightsc.org	29928	null	null
pam.zdenek@aesmail.com	29929	null	null
larry.walker@enron.com	29930	null	null
unsubscribe-red_herring-2884324-3078@survey.agora.com	29931	null	null
schneider.kelly@enron.com	29932	null	null
vferreira@r-techenergy.com	29933	null	null
emims@neoc.state.ne.us	29934	null	null
carmstrong@spragueenergy.com	29935	null	null
ext-eric.gillaspieenron.com@exxonmobil.com	29936	null	null
lcampbel1@excite.com	29937	null	null
goretefnovack@hotmail.com	29938	null	null
matt.allsup@enron.com	29939	null	null
ldcolburn@mediaone.net	29940	null	null
mir_ir-news.um.a.2.108461@joinmail.ccbn.com	29941	null	null
c6z3@excite.com	29942	null	null
clickrewards.6pb6ncwx.t@news.clickrewards.com	29943	null	null
dw1af65@eszett.de	29944	null	null
jpgiles@hotmail.com	29945	null	null
mohamed.elafandi@enron.com	29946	null	null
tyson.demetrics@enron.com	29947	null	null
web.macdonald@blakes.com	29948	null	null
judy.perdomo@ca.pwcglobal.com	29949	null	null
tony.florence@msdw.com	29950	null	null
eric_dobberteen@aporter.com	29951	null	null
waters-davis@reliantenergy.com	29952	null	null
shari.mao@enron.com	29953	null	null
janet.mulero@ubsw.com	29954	null	null
william_carlson@wastemanagement.com	29955	null	null
mark.fischer@enron.com	29956	null	null
winkler_regina@yahoo.com	29957	null	null
betty.broadfoot@enron.com	29958	null	null
chubecca@hotmail.com	29959	null	null
jlowe@mail.smu.edu	29960	null	null
bcstrong@ichips.intel.com	29961	null	null
zinko.don@enron.com	29962	null	null
c..aucoin@enron.com	29963	null	null
geneva.holland@enron.com	29964	null	null
manastassatos@randomhouse.com	29965	null	null
anderlm1@bp.com	29966	null	null
lsruns@yahoo.com	29967	null	null
gnowak@sidley.com	29968	null	null
johnniebrown@juno.com	29969	null	null
jeffrey.foose@pseg.com	29970	null	null
bmelotte@albrightpackaging.com	29971	null	null
escapade1@attbi.com	29972	null	null
ballman@enron.com	29973	null	null
mcrobbro@cba.com.au	29974	null	null
jim.royer@tcb.aecom.com	29975	null	null
brian.blakely@enron.com	29976	null	null
mike.stage@dynegy.com	29977	null	null
mhendrick@velaw.com	29978	null	null
zakg@bp.com	29979	null	null
ahilario@firstunion1.com	29980	null	null
james.mcmillan@enron.com	29981	null	null
stephanie.strong@enron.com	29982	null	null
stephanie_strong@enron.com	29982	null	null
chris.guidroz@ctp.com	29983	null	null
mark.carrie@mail.house.gov	29984	null	null
suzanne.ferlic@enron.com	29985	null	null
cgsmith2@aep.com	29986	null	null
mainerdj@compuserve.com	29987	null	null
shelly.jones@enron.com	29988	null	null
leonsavvas@cs.com	29989	null	null
kleis@akllp.com	29990	null	null
kkupiecki@arpartners.com	29991	null	null
debra.hatton@enron.com	29992	null	null
maxwells@train.missouri.org	29993	null	null
erchal".'"cheryl@enron.com	29994	null	null
essentialhealth@webtv.net	29995	null	null
batsell@rice.edu	29996	null	null
stacey.brewer@enron.com	29997	null	null
tkuehl@enron.com	29998	null	null
ebillservice@reliant.com	29999	null	null
mgsmith@kingwoodcable.com	30000	null	null
/o=enron/ou=na/cn=recipients/cn=jfawcet@enron.com	30001	null	null
/o=enron/ou=na/cn=recipients/cn=jcasas@enron.com	30001	null	null
cherie.ancrum@enron.com	30002	null	null
a..hudler@enron.com	30003	null	null
adrian.ausucua@enron.com	30004	null	null
annette.willis@enron.com	30005	null	null
mjmcdermott@hotmail.com	30006	null	null
dustinb@bammel.org	30007	null	null
jhliberman@pclient.ml.com	30008	null	null
marketrelations@nyiso.com	30009	null	null
robert.nustaedter@enron.com	30010	null	null
tdiggins@popesgray.com	30011	null	null
tbrassard@hhsi.com	30012	null	null
yair.yaish@enron.com	30013	null	null
alan.brumbaugh@enron.com	30014	null	null
sstewart@markwest.com	30015	null	null
pdx-pm-list@pm.org	30016	null	null
steve.morse@enron.com	30017	null	null
sandy.huseman@enron.com	30018	null	null
william.kasemervisz@enron.com	30019	null	null
david.dronet@enron.com	30020	null	null
mlc@cpuc.ca.gov	30021	null	null
scottyfreeman@hotmail.com	30022	null	null
2.4195.b0--lqh1f8jckfy.1@cda01.cdnow.com	30023	null	null
attic@mailman.enron.com	30024	null	null
mhollifi@mail.smu.edu	30025	null	null
teiglandl@sullcrom.com	30026	null	null
amy.adams@enron.com	30027	null	null
ladyrich@juno.com	30028	null	null
palminc.6jzdwyzv.d@insync-palm.com	30029	null	null
brent.vasconcellos@enron.com	30030	null	null
vtapia@mail.giga.com	30031	null	null
vtapia@pulsar.com.mx	30031	null	null
legal.5@enron.com	30032	null	null
mcorley@ou.edu	30033	null	null
mcorley@basspet.com	30033	null	null
customerservice.2485258.19192.0@service.potterybarn.com	30034	null	null
mverdict@ase.org	30035	null	null
fiona.sayers@enron.com	30036	null	null
stacy.guidroz@enron.com	30037	null	null
alexia.gonzales@enron.com	30038	null	null
paulamirault@aec.ca	30039	null	null
kathy.gibbins@enron.com	30040	null	null
ets.dl-omaha@enron.com	30041	null	null
tbwb20011114@ombramarketing.com	30042	null	null
sryerson@nui.com	30043	null	null
keithmcclelland@aec.ca	30044	null	null
jcthomas3399@hotmail.com	30045	null	null
kathy.campos@enron.com	30046	null	null
bfreeman@aglresources.com	30047	null	null
logistics.dl-ets@enron.com	30048	null	null
enron_update@concureworkplace.com	30049	null	null
vweir@firstunion1.com	30050	null	null
cbaxter@enron.com	30051	null	null
adam.gross@enron.com	30052	null	null
jfrizell@gibbs-bruns.com	30053	null	null
bcarlton@elwoodbox.com	30054	null	null
mbock@kgo.csc.com	30055	null	null
jimboman@ix.netcom.com	30056	null	null
jimboman@bigfoot.com	30056	null	null
raj_srivastava@bus.emory.edu	30057	null	null
randylas@vail.net	30058	null	null
derek.ahmann@bus.utexas.edu	30059	null	null
george.diaz@enron.com	30060	null	null
w.tilotta@enron.com	30061	null	null
catherine.spurway@exelonis.com	30062	null	null
hahnr@erols.com	30063	null	null
legaltaylor@enron.com	30064	null	null
larnold@simpsonsearch.com	30065	null	null
samir.salama@enron.com	30066	null	null
lathamjenny@hotmail.com	30067	null	null
steve.kirsch@propel.com	30068	null	null
bbowerfind@yahoo.com	30069	null	null
patricia.wiederholt@enron.com	30070	null	null
ourldsgang@mstar2.net	30071	null	null
trish_garant@perrygas.com	30072	null	null
bmayarchitect@ev1.net	30073	null	null
dicutsforth@attbi.com	30074	null	null
wposource@wpo.org	30075	null	null
swalker2@csc.com	30076	null	null
don.baldridge@enron.com	30077	null	null
wyndel.mcnamara@enron.com	30078	null	null
cpmccart@llgm.com	30079	null	null
rick.craig@enron.com	30080	null	null
clickz.today.txt@my.clickz.com	30081	null	null
iluvu15@lycos.ne.jp	30082	null	null
beauhan@worldnet.att.net	30083	null	null
sandra.f.brawner@enron.com	30084	null	null
furie-lesser@rocketmail.com	30085	null	null
stahl62@globalnexus.net	30086	null	null
403159.221472852.3@newsbyemail.ft.com	30087	null	null
mark.hudgens@enron.com	30088	null	null
qiana.nolly@enron.com	30089	null	null
owner-aimr2001@bbh1.viamedialinq.com	30090	null	null
lga@mother.com	30091	null	null
people@venturewire.com	30092	null	null
rs1119@aol.com	30093	null	null
cbondy@stanfieldcp.com	30094	null	null
mark.broadfoot@enron.com	30095	null	null
tracy_corrier@bmc.com	30096	null	null
suretsky@viant.com	30097	null	null
bcorrier@enron.com	30098	null	null
bcorrier@cox-internet.com	30098	null	null
kelly.dr@enron.com	30099	null	null
baennis@earthlink.net	30100	null	null
jmaciasheard@hotmail.com	30101	null	null
pvlachopoulos@aeglobalmarkets.com	30102	null	null
ccastle@cogc.com	30103	null	null
shelliot@dttus.com	30104	null	null
brian.loy@enron.com	30105	null	null
pbarnes@holthouseinterests.com	30106	null	null
bangus@excite.com	30107	null	null
kenneth_b._mehlman@who.eop.gov	30108	null	null
jill.herrmann@enron.com	30109	null	null
kurt.wangenheim@enron.com	30110	null	null
linda_klein@deweyballantine.com	30111	null	null
lbert.manzone@intl.pepsi.com	30112	null	null
terri.greenlee@enron.com	30113	null	null
justinloweth@yahoo.com	30114	null	null
absyd@earthlink.net	30115	null	null
akumar@del2.vsnl.net.in	30116	null	null
video@amazon.com	30117	null	null
acctdept@alaweb.com	30118	null	null
jimwoo@asean-mail.com	30119	null	null
mathompson@calpx.com	30120	null	null
gnorman@duke-energy.com	30121	null	null
balaji.nageswaran@enron.com	30122	null	null
dr.bugg@home.com	30123	null	null
marc.f.wittmer@aexp.com	30124	null	null
dyergin@cera.com	30125	null	null
team.south@enron.com	30126	null	null
mark.tawney@enron.com	30127	null	null
myheartmusic@yahoo.com	30128	null	null
peggy.sichenze@enron.com	30129	null	null
david.chang@enron.com	30130	null	null
khortongolf@aol.com	30131	null	null
bdreese@duke-energy.com	30132	null	null
fmatti@bci.it	30133	null	null
stock.option.grant.list@enron.com	30134	null	null
jgualy@coral-energy.com	30135	null	null
johkollar@excite.com	30136	null	null
suzanne.marshall@enron.com	30137	null	null
2.3895.10-b_wbsdigjar2.1@cda01.cdnow.com	30138	null	null
lwilliams@teamrls.com	30139	null	null
kai_baker@ins.com	30140	null	null
mytractor@yahoo.com	30141	null	null
anonymous@advicebox.com	30142	null	null
--migrated--jmickey@ercot.com	30143	null	null
steve.frazier@enron.com	30144	null	null
david.herman@tvland.com	30145	null	null
new.traveler@mailman.enron.com	30146	null	null
keffer.lesley@enron.com	30147	null	null
amunroe@japansociety.org	30148	null	null
keith.clauson@alcoa.com	30149	null	null
aca@associatedcounsel.com	30150	null	null
d..mcilvoy@enron.com	30151	null	null
john.wilson@enron.com	30152	null	null
drmahl@erols.com	30153	null	null
a13493@webinfo.fi	30154	null	null
jivens@mhaglobal.com	30155	null	null
t..muzzy@enron.com	30156	null	null
shea_dugger@i2.com	30157	null	null
hhabicht@getf.org	30158	null	null
jeffsok@juno.com	30159	null	null
rso@ercot.com	30160	null	null
bwortham@att.net	30161	null	null
bwortham@worldnet.att.net	30161	null	null
mota@haas.berkeley.edu	30162	null	null
bill.kefalas@enron.com	30163	null	null
smarianne1@juno.com	30164	null	null
financial_success@email.com	30165	null	null
tom.chapman@enron.com	30166	null	null
thunder@streeter.com.hk	30167	null	null
assignee.notification@us.pwcglobal.com	30168	null	null
9069876@skytel.com	30169	null	null
do-it-yourself-editor@amazon.com	30170	null	null
rgern@generalgrowth.com	30171	null	null
carrie.southard@enron.com	30172	null	null
jan.haizmann@enron.com	30173	null	null
bruce.cleve@enron.com	30174	null	null
allocca@enron.com	30175	null	null
corny_boersma@cargill.com	30176	null	null
qfwwb@zxmail.com	30177	null	null
teresa.robertson@travelpark.com	30178	null	null
jefftamar@aol.com	30179	null	null
hgpbus@home.com	30180	null	null
anderson.bastos@enron.com	30181	null	null
paul.b.meyer@db.com	30182	null	null
hc8dx8tbl@hotmail.com	30183	null	null
kmettling@chsomaha.org	30184	null	null
digbyk3@excite.com	30185	null	null
mdelgado@hess.com	30186	null	null
athomas80@aol.com	30187	null	null
carter.ava@enron.com	30188	null	null
accounting.dl-isc@enron.com	30189	null	null
accounting@fea.com	30189	null	null
lauren.johnson@enron.com	30190	null	null
gavin.dillingham@enron.com	30191	null	null
lisa_g_urick@calpx.com	30192	null	null
gabriela.cantu@enron.com	30193	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.545@vremail.com	30194	null	null
2.3448.0f-caztgqhv98ci.1@cda01.cdnow.com	30195	null	null
ana.castanon@enron.com	30196	null	null
ghall@bcck.com	30197	null	null
sdwesthoven@njresources.com	30198	null	null
caletc@ix.netcom.com	30199	null	null
robin_zaleski@iroquois.com	30200	null	null
angelo.miroballi@enron.com	30201	null	null
l.garrison@enron.com	30202	null	null
jeffrey_coltharp@pcit.com	30203	null	null
dearonwadkins@gmx.net	30204	null	null
glang@brr.com	30205	null	null
neil.hong@enron.com	30206	null	null
buckeye@thegateway.net	30207	null	null
ginregblack@yahoo.com	30208	null	null
miyung.buster@enron.com	30209	null	null
john.shield@lombardrisk.com	30210	null	null
donald.miller@enron.com	30211	null	null
6.207.04-k9w0wmehyb97vkqo9pais5bathfr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	30212	null	null
jvalbrun@bear.com	30213	null	null
patricia.dutra@enron.com	30214	null	null
bhopkins@rcgroup.com	30215	null	null
dugjaxon@earthlink.net	30216	null	null
w..mcgowan@enron.com	30217	null	null
mvp.com@opt07.naviantnetwork.net	30218	null	null
jwesley@natsource.com	30219	null	null
karl.silverling@ps.ge.com	30220	null	null
wgang@enron.com	30221	null	null
matthew.meyers@enron.com	30222	null	null
tom.paine@avistacorp.com	30223	null	null
julie.garcia@enron.com	30224	null	null
camille.sexton@enron.com	30225	null	null
kathleen.ashton@enron.com	30226	null	null
sfarrell65@yahoo.com	30227	null	null
mara_alexander@cargill.com	30228	null	null
steffense@dteenergy.com	30229	null	null
jennifer.lee@enron.com	30230	null	null
energy7@energyseminars.com	30231	null	null
glenn.lewis@enron.com	30232	null	null
hteitelbaum@natsource.com	30233	null	null
bhenry1972@aol.com	30234	null	null
annas@cobs.edu	30235	null	null
cjrudman@softcom.net	30236	null	null
rwxc@pge.com	30237	null	null
dkolk@compenergy.com	30238	null	null
b22257@gte.net	30239	null	null
carmen.peters@nissan-usa.com	30240	null	null
faith1@pdq.net	30241	null	null
sasutter@mediaone.net	30242	null	null
dperlman@powersrc.com	30243	null	null
rryan@isda.org	30244	null	null
kathleen.royal@elpaso.com	30245	null	null
richmond.trisch@enron.com	30246	null	null
prc.distribution@enron.com	30247	null	null
sclittlechild@hotmail.com	30248	null	null
gstachni@ucsd.edu	30249	null	null
lnewman@elanpharma.com	30250	null	null
latrisha.allen@enron.com	30251	null	null
dale.eldridge@enron.com	30252	null	null
mcmahonm@kochind.com	30253	null	null
esebton@isda-eur.org	30254	null	null
jeffrey.sherrick@enron.com	30255	null	null
cahsupport@enron.com	30256	null	null
xdymyljedukkbynn@msn.com	30257	null	null
gerry.willis@enron.com	30258	null	null
citibank.bill.manager.customers@mailman.enron.com	30259	null	null
s..spirakis@enron.com	30260	null	null
rltmmb@earthlink.net	30261	null	null
dave.scott@enron.com	30262	null	null
8889167184@skytel.com	30263	null	null
tmuscarello@upstreamenergy.com	30264	null	null
cfgraebner@duke-energy.com	30265	null	null
ann.murphy@enron.com	30266	null	null
lallen@redsky.com	30267	null	null
giselle.james@enron.com	30268	null	null
tibbetts@haas.berkeley.edu	30269	null	null
kblume@logicon.com	30270	null	null
clone@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	30271	null	null
todd_meadows@eott.com	30272	null	null
pocock@enron.com	30273	null	null
bswaldrop@aol.com	30274	null	null
tom_at_reliant_energy@opt37.naviantnetwork.net	30275	null	null
stevet@amerexenergy.com	30276	null	null
jonathan.schube@enron.com	30277	null	null
robert.butts@enron.com	30278	null	null
jblanton@ev1.net	30279	null	null
azam.mistry@hsbc.com	30280	null	null
keith.considine@enron.com	30281	null	null
izhi@rice.edu	30282	null	null
venkatraman.v.@enron.com	30283	null	null
matthew.lord@elpaso.com	30284	null	null
michael.grimescorpenron@enron.com	30285	null	null
dbraselton@retromodern.com	30286	null	null
kkreis@attorneysandcounselors.com	30287	null	null
lisag@kis.ernet.in	30288	null	null
coldwatercreek.631736.803.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	30289	null	null
antlulu2@aol.com	30290	null	null
carolineb@starpower.net	30291	null	null
lorraine.telles@enron.com	30292	null	null
charles_parker@dell.com	30293	null	null
grantoregonrains@hotmail.com	30294	null	null
december2001@lists.winebid.com	30295	null	null
melendrez.mary@enron.com	30296	null	null
thomas.engels@parexel.com	30297	null	null
pkpapril@aol.com	30298	null	null
501547@mail-box.cz	30299	null	null
vabercrombie@scana.com	30300	null	null
eventreminders@evite.citysearch.com	30301	null	null
roy.rodriguez@enron.com	30302	null	null
millicent.miller@piperrudnick.com	30303	null	null
martha.keesler@enron.com	30304	null	null
cindy.stark@enron.com	30305	null	null
ot@geelmuyden-kiese.no	30306	null	null
454091.305194542.3@getsmart.reply.tm0.com	30307	null	null
sandy.rivas@enron.com	30308	null	null
chase.clark@ps.ge.com	30309	null	null
riskmetricsgroup@riskmetrics.com	30310	null	null
3406@web.de	30311	null	null
smu-betas-owner@egroups.com	30312	null	null
lreutersr@usa.net	30313	null	null
networkcommerce-rcpm20011227@ombramarketing.com	30314	null	null
expense.report@enron.com	30315	null	null
kathleen.pope-sance@enron.com	30316	null	null
froby@holmesmurphy.com	30317	null	null
tau@taukappaepsilon.org	30318	null	null
allolduserstext@newsletter.ussoccer.com	30319	null	null
arlanz@mexis.com	30320	null	null
radmac@houston.rr.com	30321	null	null
coloretiada2019@nnudnet.nildram.co.uk	30322	null	null
maryemackay@hotmail.com	30323	null	null
s..ward@enron.com	30324	null	null
patrick.scales@enron.com	30325	null	null
kenneth.bowman@elpaso.com	30326	null	null
confirm_4_1e3e9bcc6fb3964d49809ae204a9b14fe4c670bcd227e93bccd3661bcd7d3a9b_johngriffith65@newman.oscar.aol.com	30327	null	null
linlat@msn.com	30328	null	null
john.daniel@enron.com	30329	null	null
enronmessaging@yahoo.com	30330	null	null
chris.holmes@enron.com	30331	null	null
pattim@morgangroup.com	30332	null	null
erik.simpson@enron.com	30333	null	null
maritzman@csc.com	30334	null	null
jgsmnews@rice.edu	30335	null	null
jkradin@marathon-com.com	30336	null	null
tricia.spence@enron.com	30337	null	null
stubblefield@enron.com	30338	null	null
stephen.bennett@enron.com	30339	null	null
jason.beaird@gs.com	30340	null	null
1800flowers.191910071@s2u2.com	30341	null	null
jim.hackett@oceanenergy.com	30342	null	null
kristenbradley@earthlink.net	30343	null	null
blatchford@enron.com	30344	null	null
aamirali@caiso.com	30345	null	null
dore_judd@pgn.com	30346	null	null
lnemec@ect.enron.com	30347	null	null
dtaylor@powersrc.com	30348	null	null
meredith.phillipp@enron.com	30349	null	null
tbuffington@hollandhart.com	30350	null	null
cvc-aso@terra.com.pe	30351	null	null
pfusaro@nirvanasoft.com	30352	null	null
jeffrey.miller@enron.com	30353	null	null
willmert@enron.com	30354	null	null
nhakimi@csw.com	30355	null	null
jamkartozian@jps.net	30356	null	null
judso.sesto.ca@mops.opa-row	30357	null	null
gigicoe@mindspring.com	30358	null	null
houstonnewsletters@email.citysearch.com	30359	null	null
jose.cruz@enron.com	30360	null	null
jim.brown@enron.com	30361	null	null
sferris@olemiss.edu	30362	null	null
bruce.connery@elpaso.com	30363	null	null
b2672@163.net	30364	null	null
omar.al-farisi@csfb.com	30365	null	null
bgozz@yahoo.com	30366	null	null
tally@ssprd2.net	30367	null	null
mnl@ranches.org	30368	null	null
c.boonstra@gmc.philips.com	30369	null	null
paul.burgener@enron.com	30370	null	null
aroth@livecapital.com	30371	null	null
lesleyk@hotmail.com	30372	null	null
davidt@yahoo-inc.com	30373	null	null
love8847@aol.com	30374	null	null
d19405@go.ru	30375	null	null
lisaup31@aol.com	30376	null	null
iwona.sierzega@enron.com	30377	null	null
'abrahams@enron.com	30378	null	null
velvet4@earthlink.net	30379	null	null
merlin.moseman@enron.com	30380	null	null
ragreen1@aep.com	30381	null	null
5jija34ef@msn.com	30382	null	null
csklarin@prioritycall.com	30383	null	null
james.w.petrie.jr@us.arthurandersen.com	30384	null	null
v79sy@yahoo.ca	30385	null	null
ireland@nytimes.com	30386	null	null
ireland@enron.com	30386	null	null
w.morrow@pecorp.com	30387	null	null
cathywolfe@ezeeweb.com	30388	null	null
pvandore@cato.org	30389	null	null
gtrowe@fedex.com	30390	null	null
bridget.maronge@enron.com	30391	null	null
jamayer1@aol.com	30392	null	null
halhaltom@akllp.com	30393	null	null
bbrannen@angus-group.com	30394	null	null
eesnelson@enron.com	30395	null	null
dkawash@ridgewoodpower.com	30396	null	null
andi@enron.com	30397	null	null
fdxc8718@polbox.com	30398	null	null
kmccrea@sablaw.com	30399	null	null
jorge.garcia@enron.com	30400	null	null
sheri.cromwell@enron.com	30401	null	null
owner-mcn@prnmail3.prnewswire.com	30402	null	null
ashlee@enron.com	30403	null	null
randall.mobley@enron.com	30404	null	null
rate-merchant@store.yahoo.com	30405	null	null
jpavone@infrastructureworld.com	30406	null	null
'exe@enron.com	30407	null	null
tj13stmbzh@msn.com	30408	null	null
kelli.little@enron.com	30409	null	null
fnrl40a@yahoo.com	30410	null	null
ora.cross@enron.com	30411	null	null
esturm@natsource.com	30412	null	null
adrial.boals@enron.com	30413	null	null
r..arnold@enron.com	30414	null	null
jason.rios@enron.com	30415	null	null
anupindi@tibco.com	30416	null	null
anita.fam@enron.com	30417	null	null
doug.leach@enron.com	30418	null	null
pat.jefferson@enron.com	30419	null	null
pfreyre@coral-energy.com	30420	null	null
eap@cpuc.ca.gov	30421	null	null
bjktrone@aol.com	30422	null	null
dkobierowski@forrester.com	30423	null	null
brian.zatarain@enron.com	30424	null	null
cbroadrick@ercot.com	30425	null	null
wieman@cooper.edu	30426	null	null
crandal.hardy@enron.com	30427	null	null
cliff.mcpherson@enron.com	30428	null	null
ajchang@rice.edu	30429	null	null
marcella1022000@yahoo.com	30430	null	null
cstrebe@bitstream.net	30431	null	null
michael.schenker@ssmb.com	30432	null	null
bhunt_30328@yahoo.com	30433	null	null
singleserving@mp3.com	30434	null	null
meemaw7@home.com	30435	null	null
sedati.francesco@enron.com	30436	null	null
sedati'.'francesco@enron.com	30436	null	null
dee007ram62@msn.com	30437	null	null
sliebert@dcpud.org	30438	null	null
savings_from@opt30.edirectnetwork.net	30439	null	null
dand@amerexenergy.com	30440	null	null
craige@fbg.net	30441	null	null
tvaky@miesto.sk	30442	null	null
jandmshelk@aol.com	30443	null	null
benjamin.woods@enron.com	30444	null	null
breschjj@bipc.com	30445	null	null
larry.burton@enron.com	30446	null	null
c_joey@msn.com	30447	null	null
8774820206@pagenetmessage.net	30448	null	null
gary.monk@enron.com	30449	null	null
lschorsch@gsx.com	30450	null	null
singhjai@wharton.upenn.edu	30451	null	null
tyler.hearon@nyc.rabobank.com	30452	null	null
ttsrini@risklimited.com	30453	null	null
joemeador@aol.com	30454	null	null
kyriakos.frantzeskakis@enron.com	30455	null	null
jbingham@amgen.com	30456	null	null
jkubin@gibbs-bruns.com	30457	null	null
paulla@maritz.com	30458	null	null
deborah.arango@enron.com	30459	null	null
martin.gonzalez@enron.com	30460	null	null
jimmy.dowden@enron.com	30461	null	null
tracy.hayes@enron.com	30462	null	null
cstone1@txu.com	30463	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.4012@lists.smartmoney.com	30464	null	null
christopher.james@hakluyt.co.uk	30465	null	null
john.llodra@enron.com	30466	null	null
glennlegge@leggefarrow.com	30467	null	null
lester.rawson@enron.com	30468	null	null
john.lapham@enron.com	30469	null	null
beadrian@tecoenergy.com	30470	null	null
terri.clynes@enron.com	30471	null	null
kc10boom@hotmail.com	30472	null	null
caitlin_abramovitz@instinet.com	30473	null	null
ecreighton@ggfp.com	30474	null	null
amy.copeland@enron.com	30475	null	null
mary.tudon@enron.com	30476	null	null
hfl@fp.edu	30477	null	null
james.studebaker@enron.com	30478	null	null
rrhaygood@yahoo.com	30479	null	null
pcopello@industrialinfo.com	30480	null	null
rika.imai@enron.com	30481	null	null
jamie_okeefe@hotmail.com	30482	null	null
working.chairs@enron.com	30483	null	null
eduardo.quintana@enron.com	30484	null	null
palmannouncements.6qzzm3ks.d@insync-palm.com	30485	null	null
sarasandy@aol.com	30486	null	null
patrice.l.mims@enron.com	30487	null	null
kimberly.bates@enron.com	30488	null	null
judy.rose@enron.com	30489	null	null
sharyn.walsh-mckay@pseg.com	30490	null	null
b.mao@cerep.com	30491	null	null
sctc@77002.com	30492	null	null
anna_norville@hotmail.com	30493	null	null
tom.barkley@enron.com	30494	null	null
bert.frazier@enron.com	30495	null	null
ray.bennett@enron.com	30496	null	null
jdrmedia2@lists.em5000.com	30497	null	null
scott.abshire@enron.com	30498	null	null
morris.barry@enron.com	30499	null	null
audkim@cats.ucsc.edu	30500	null	null
jsturgeon@ev1.net	30501	null	null
celeste.cisneros@enron.com	30502	null	null
r.delara@pecorp.com	30503	null	null
lorie.leigh@enron.com	30504	null	null
candace.parker@enron.com	30505	null	null
barrie2@aol.com	30506	null	null
igllb@lusoweb.pt	30507	null	null
scott.wulfe@enron.com	30508	null	null
shawn.donlin@painewebber.com	30509	null	null
gfoust@adelphia.net	30510	null	null
wells.becky@enron.com	30511	null	null
clement.abrams@enron.com	30512	null	null
workholly@enron.com	30513	null	null
n@predict.com	30514	null	null
silvano.coletti@ecosquare.com	30515	null	null
kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	30516	null	null
clarian.vondrak@enron.com	30517	null	null
quelnunes@hotmail.com	30518	null	null
aarati.sivasubramanian@enron.com	30519	null	null
vgotbbbyrmzwhkdw@yahoo.ca	30520	null	null
walker.sally@enron.com	30521	null	null
cashel@whc.net	30522	null	null
freecamera@sweepsclub.com	30523	null	null
mskoplan@spriggs.com	30524	null	null
giuseppe.paleologo@enron.com	30525	null	null
grwhit@rice.edu	30526	null	null
rick.hirsch@sogemin.com	30527	null	null
mtcandyjar@aol.com	30528	null	null
jeff.poche@enron.com	30529	null	null
weeklynews@sweepsclub.com	30530	null	null
shemeika.landry@enron.com	30531	null	null
eke@aelaw.com	30532	null	null
crandall.hardy@enron.com	30533	null	null
'12152'@enron.com	30534	null	null
debbie.nowak@enron.com	30535	null	null
mara.bronstein@enron.com	30536	null	null
3@enron.com	30537	null	null
erica.gut@enron.com	30538	null	null
christopher.riley@enron.com	30539	null	null
sitara@enron.com	30540	null	null
russell.l.montgomery@us.arthurandersen.com	30541	null	null
thestreet31@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	30542	null	null
blaisestr@bayouenergy.com	30543	null	null
tdonoho@enron.com	30544	null	null
tdonoho@ect.enron.com	30544	null	null
hazerfen@hotmail.com	30545	null	null
caporders@capresso.com	30546	null	null
marc.pederson@enron.com	30547	null	null
david.meyer@avistacorp.com	30548	null	null
mike.wichterich@enron.com	30549	null	null
mklemont@bear.com	30550	null	null
portes@haas.berkeley.edu	30551	null	null
william.nugent@state.me.us	30552	null	null
pinsky@uh.edu	30553	null	null
402612.61860093.2@1.americanexpress.com	30554	null	null
palmsoftware@palm.com	30555	null	null
i2@sevista.net	30556	null	null
cindy.wessels@enron.com	30557	null	null
amattoso@mdck.com	30558	null	null
ckooken@xonex.com	30559	null	null
rmartin@haas.berkeley.edu	30560	null	null
vblack4538@aol.com	30561	null	null
gilda.parker@enron.com	30562	null	null
dlipson@hotmail.com	30563	null	null
adriana.domingues@enron.com	30564	null	null
dept..braintree@enron.com	30565	null	null
'faggard@enron.com	30566	null	null
faggard@cpchem.com	30566	null	null
michael.w.morris@enron.com	30567	null	null
ethomas@fais.net	30568	null	null
tklaver@hotmail.com	30569	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.91074@joinmail.ccbn.com	30570	null	null
tom.riley@enron.com	30571	null	null
martin.wenzel@enron.com	30572	null	null
sonja.galloway@enron.com	30573	null	null
michael.kessler@weil.com	30574	null	null
larry.marcus@enron.com	30575	null	null
lhead@juno.com	30576	null	null
albert.wood@verizon.com	30577	null	null
fdgjier264@yahoo.com	30578	null	null
simon.brooks@enron.com	30579	null	null
maria.perales@enron.com	30580	null	null
development.dl-isc@enron.com	30581	null	null
jfierro@barter.com	30582	null	null
manintan@swbell.net	30583	null	null
alisha.guerrero@enron.com	30584	null	null
marta.renzetti@rogroup.com	30585	null	null
rinetia.turner@enron.com	30586	null	null
tcook@utilicorp.com	30587	null	null
akeel@mariner-energy.com	30588	null	null
joev@ripcity.com	30589	null	null
dlmeri@hotmail.com	30590	null	null
rtnbnc-11-7-10825134-x3pacl23neeotqbz-296@www0.humornetwork.com	30591	null	null
gambrell@rice.edu	30592	null	null
s.ward.casscells@uth.tmc.edu	30593	null	null
darren_angerman@transcanada.com	30594	null	null
cindy_tatham@co.washington.or.us	30595	null	null
refertofriend@reply.yahoo.com	30596	null	null
communications.internal@enron.com	30597	null	null
internal.communications@enron.com	30597	null	null
taylojp@chevrontexaco.com	30598	null	null
accountmanager@shockwave.com	30599	null	null
mperkins@ix.netcom.com	30600	null	null
catherine.hauser@enron.com	30601	null	null
kbosley@reliant.com	30602	null	null
aidenfire@mediaone.net	30603	null	null
mse238@aol.com	30604	null	null
amymoeller@hotmail.com	30605	null	null
joe.kolb@enron.com	30606	null	null
waltbrown@thelenreid.com	30607	null	null
suzanne_saldivar@eogresources.com	30608	null	null
d.j..herron@enron.com	30609	null	null
antoine.duvauchelle@enron.com	30610	null	null
claude2020@yahoo.com	30611	null	null
jantom65@yahoo.com	30612	null	null
rnstnhgn@earthlink.net	30613	null	null
cwoody@spilmanlaw.com	30614	null	null
bpechersky@velaw.com	30615	null	null
dgamble@houstonstreet.com	30616	null	null
graham.dunbar@enron.com	30617	null	null
az9fgjqxzap@hotmail.com	30618	null	null
master.amar@hoegh.no	30619	null	null
sbrandt@crc-evans.com	30620	null	null
michelle.laurant@enron.com	30621	null	null
tracey.kozadinos@enron.com	30622	null	null
f..gockerman@enron.com	30623	null	null
demetrica.berry@enron.com	30624	null	null
keri.lynch@usa.net	30625	null	null
mperez@gas.pemex.com	30626	null	null
wercvur6ghy@yahoo.com	30627	null	null
jeff.ader@enron.com	30628	null	null
ops.dl-egm-financial@enron.com	30629	null	null
qb3mrsbtrr@hotmail.com	30630	null	null
croxons568366@pacbell.net	30631	null	null
jocelyn.m.sears@rssmb.com	30632	null	null
king.april@enron.com	30633	null	null
genmgr@technology4attorneys.com	30634	null	null
kclark@jhenergy.com	30635	null	null
aanstoos.alice@enron.com	30636	null	null
philomath@earthlink.net	30637	null	null
mspradling@velaw.com	30638	null	null
ryan.lorei@disney.com	30639	null	null
einat.sandman@corp.sun.com	30640	null	null
scottkuehn@go2netmail.com	30641	null	null
rwright@wt.net	30642	null	null
liz.m.taylor@enron.com	30643	null	null
patrick.dowd@ubspainewebber.com	30644	null	null
myra.pierce@gulfaero.com	30645	null	null
faretracker_020273@expedia.customer-email.com	30646	null	null
sinbadla69@aol.com	30647	null	null
mreuter@kslaw.com	30648	null	null
pattyntx2@aol.com	30649	null	null
enhome.survey@enron.com	30650	null	null
davidbarbour@akllp.com	30651	null	null
sharon.butcher@enron.com	30652	null	null
imad.tareen@enron.com	30653	null	null
geary.flint@enron.com	30654	null	null
gozali86@hotmail.com	30655	null	null
gkardos@br-inc.com	30656	null	null
raevs@talkmatch.com	30657	null	null
kischa.gipson@enron.com	30658	null	null
lisa_kennedy@foleys.com	30659	null	null
hollier.diana@enron.com	30660	null	null
mark.tartaglio@swpc.siemens.com	30661	null	null
gcp_ees@enron.com	30662	null	null
cindy88@mail.ru	30663	null	null
kmucha@statoilenergy.com	30664	null	null
farquharson@enron.com	30665	null	null
j.nassos@pecorp.com	30666	null	null
d.wear@pecorp.com	30667	null	null
lloyd.wantschek@enron.com	30668	null	null
colleen_silva@cs.pvt.k12.id.us	30669	null	null
dave.waymire@enron.com	30670	null	null
twg298@yahoo.com	30671	null	null
cburrell@gpu.com	30672	null	null
2.3028.bc-i7tbl62iuyg-.1@cda01.cdnow.com	30673	null	null
beth.levine@ppfa.org	30674	null	null
vq7tst6fe5nd@hotmail.com	30675	null	null
gwendolyn.williams@enron.com	30676	null	null
bmargolas@hotmail.com	30677	null	null
tiffany_lauer@manulife.com	30678	null	null
kcarlson@do.usbr.gov	30679	null	null
hnatraj@iimb.ernet.in	30680	null	null
araguso@eprod.com	30681	null	null
mramirez@lglawfirm.com	30682	null	null
jason.r.brown@conoco.com	30683	null	null
jmalone@epenergy.com	30684	null	null
consumercare@autobytel.com	30685	null	null
johnson.charles@enron.com	30686	null	null
gstrathmann@mediaone.net	30687	null	null
raquel.magana@enron.com	30688	null	null
frontierairlines@flyfrontier.com	30689	null	null
elizabeth.ripley@enron.com	30690	null	null
hashworth@technip.com	30691	null	null
sharon.lewis@lovells.com	30692	null	null
robert.cotten@enron.com	30693	null	null
phanse@houston.rr.com	30694	null	null
e..keller@enron.com	30695	null	null
kathleen.noble@enron.com	30696	null	null
mle@fulbright.com	30697	null	null
derek.wilson@enron.com	30698	null	null
beverly.stephens@enron.com	30699	null	null
basketsnmore@email.msn.com	30700	null	null
cris.kinsler@enron.com	30701	null	null
fred.boas@enron.com	30702	null	null
bmgivens@aep.com	30703	null	null
sandra.dial@enron.com	30704	null	null
paul.kane@enron.com	30705	null	null
ordermusic41@excite.com	30706	null	null
cwright@uh.edu	30707	null	null
lynn.aven@enron.com	30708	null	null
stkscape@agoramail.net	30709	null	null
jfk@choiceenergy.com	30710	null	null
rs772@stern.nyu.edu	30711	null	null
mcclintock.janette.oj@bhp.com	30712	null	null
gabriel.chavez@enron.com	30713	null	null
lysa.tracy@enron.com	30714	null	null
robin_connor@khh.com	30715	null	null
renata.teke@enron.com	30716	null	null
bsring@juno.com	30717	null	null
greenaviation@aol.com	30718	null	null
ahespenh@yahoo.com	30719	null	null
mmolloy@oebi.com	30720	null	null
cuisinepoll@aol.com	30721	null	null
craig.mataczynski@nrgenergy.com	30722	null	null
jcoleary@porterhedges.com	30723	null	null
allan.karels@enron.com	30724	null	null
jeffrey.darst@ps.ge.com	30725	null	null
joe.richards@enron.com	30726	null	null
cindy.derecskey@enron.com	30727	null	null
mkmiller@enron.com	30728	null	null
langren.theresa@enron.com	30729	null	null
steve.ellis@gs.com	30730	null	null
brandon.wax@enron.com	30731	null	null
transcrd@mapp.org	30732	null	null
robertholt@pacbell.net	30733	null	null
sussmann.mike@enron.com	30734	null	null
katherine.benedict@enron.com	30735	null	null
samantha.lopez-dias@enron.com	30736	null	null
thinkguzman@yahoo.com	30737	null	null
stanc51@aol.com	30738	null	null
hayes.andy@enron.com	30739	null	null
kenneth.d'silva@enron.com	30740	null	null
admin-i@networkpromotion.com	30741	null	null
tom.riggs@gs.com	30742	null	null
bwells@pop.net	30743	null	null
mo.bawa@enron.com	30744	null	null
sergai.daigre@enron.com	30745	null	null
ceci.twachtman@enron.com	30746	null	null
julie.ryan@pse.com	30747	null	null
stocktalk@netstocks.com	30748	null	null
lbusk@hsresources.com	30749	null	null
kcashiola@mariner-energy.com	30750	null	null
storybook@storybookheirlooms.com	30751	null	null
fred.jordan@enron.com	30752	null	null
christine_v_finch@hotmail.com	30753	null	null
infobs@yahoo.com	30754	null	null
wiz.ixgate.rylander@enron.com	30755	null	null
report.dl-ets@enron.com	30756	null	null
transitiongroup@bpa.gov	30757	null	null
k.lohman@enron.com	30758	null	null
402171.220309310.2@1.americanexpress.com	30759	null	null
colin.tip@enron.com	30760	null	null
squid@teamcalamari.com	30761	null	null
infrastructure.ubsw@enron.com	30762	null	null
james.foster@enron.com	30763	null	null
ajbarnard@houston.rr.com	30764	null	null
jjfreedom@earthlink.net	30765	null	null
holcombmiller@enron.com	30766	null	null
pgsc-5.humphrey@enron.com	30767	null	null
dcwoody65@yahoo.com	30768	null	null
william.palazzo@nypa.gov	30769	null	null
pamela.lesh@enron.com	30770	null	null
dolliebell@webtv.net	30771	null	null
susheela@weaveincorp.org	30772	null	null
mesposito@bci.it	30773	null	null
kpc@cpuc.ca.gov	30774	null	null
investorrelations@betaresearch.com	30775	null	null
sarah_rimer@hotmail.com	30776	null	null
ceg_ir-rpt.um.a.2.108956@joinmail.ccbn.com	30777	null	null
endofitem@ebay.com	30778	null	null
bernardo.andrews@enron.com	30779	null	null
rsmall@wspp.org	30780	null	null
kazumtv@juno.com	30781	null	null
marilene.listrom@om.com	30782	null	null
marilene.listrom@omgroup.com	30782	null	null
tom.prisk@enron.com	30783	null	null
mbothwell@houston.vni.com	30784	null	null
judy.martin@enron.com	30785	null	null
jshankman@hotmail.com	30786	null	null
bryan.burnett@enron.com	30787	null	null
joe.darensbourg@enron.com	30788	null	null
lynn.bellinghausen@enron.com	30789	null	null
christopher.spears@enron.com	30790	null	null
nicholas.m.sopkin@db.com	30791	null	null
enron.management@enron.com	30792	null	null
insynconline.6nqft07r.d@insync-palm.com	30793	null	null
abbaganam@merchantenergy.com	30794	null	null
fcox@npcc.org	30795	null	null
kenneth.lovejoy@enron.com	30796	null	null
steven.smith@meritenergy.com	30797	null	null
matchclick@mediatrec.roi1.net	30798	null	null
jnewton@ghg.net	30799	null	null
jnewton@ev1.net	30799	null	null
fieldst@usfilter.com	30800	null	null
jozsef.balogh@enron.com	30801	null	null
weborders@www.hallmark.com	30802	null	null
survey2@survey66.com	30803	null	null
mv94014@alltel.net	30804	null	null
dkhenry@br-inc.com	30805	null	null
shalesh_ganjoo@enron.net	30806	null	null
shalesh.ganjoo@enron.com	30806	null	null
crystal.blair@enron.com	30807	null	null
reedc@coned.com	30808	null	null
marcello.romano@enron.com	30809	null	null
savita.bhave@enron.com	30810	null	null
burumc@kochind.com	30811	null	null
keegan.farrell@enron.com	30812	null	null
lide@riskwaters.com	30813	null	null
cio.dl-isc@enron.com	30814	null	null
aandsnath@aol.com	30815	null	null
dickson.koo@enron.com	30816	null	null
mcalderone@tpc-corp.com	30817	null	null
thinh.nguyen@enron.com	30818	null	null
dwa1s4e598td@hotmail.com	30819	null	null
katrina.chapman@enron.com	30820	null	null
carrie.a.richardson@us.andersen.com	30821	null	null
holly.demoss@travelpark.com	30822	null	null
dgrueneich@gralegal.com	30823	null	null
steve_debruyn@notes.teradyne.com	30824	null	null
kkp2@pge.com	30825	null	null
sammy.abu-khalaf@enron.com	30826	null	null
daily-admin@smartmoneylist.com	30827	null	null
a._eremenko@turanalem.almaty.kz	30828	null	null
clgentile@brudergentile.com	30829	null	null
ashaunte@aol.com	30830	null	null
todd.peikert@enron.com	30831	null	null
tghalayini-dhindsa@reliant.com	30832	null	null
dfarmer70@houston.rr.com	30833	null	null
tanson@smklaw.com	30834	null	null
iaia14@hotmail.com	30835	null	null
sempra'.'alan@enron.com	30836	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5322252-5299016-sby2hn89@tumble2.datek.com	30837	null	null
jim.wiltfong@enron.com	30838	null	null
cbadar@carbon.cudenver.edu	30839	null	null
sprucie@hotmail.com	30840	null	null
~@enron.com	30841	null	null
carolyurur@yahoo.com	30842	null	null
al.miralles@enron.com	30843	null	null
rmsherrill@duke-energy.com	30844	null	null
zimmg@andrews-kurth.com	30845	null	null
fvehon@dillonserv.com	30846	null	null
galen.torneby@enron.com	30847	null	null
kerry.jones@halliburton.com	30848	null	null
pla@marval.com.ar	30849	null	null
pla@marvel.com.ar	30849	null	null
daleco43@yahoo.com	30850	null	null
ben.parsons@enron.com	30851	null	null
siva@durasoftcorp.com	30852	null	null
cp38@andrew.cmu.edu	30853	null	null
tstaab@enron.com	30854	null	null
blind.copy.receiver@compuserve.com	30855	null	null
dba.dl-sql@enron.com	30856	null	null
sharoryan@mailboy.enron.com	30857	null	null
alumni_admin@gsb.stanford.edu	30858	null	null
donna.richard@enron.com	30859	null	null
ccarley@reliant.com	30860	null	null
joseph.kelliher@hq.doe.gov	30861	null	null
leads.1@enron.com	30862	null	null
cwimmer@weeklystandard.com	30863	null	null
dl-ga-all_egs_houston@enron.com	30864	null	null
tkelley@inetport.com	30865	null	null
ddworkin@natsource.com	30866	null	null
wscholtes@aol.com	30867	null	null
vaughan.r.dodd@bankofamerica.com	30868	null	null
e62e126d-6e2b3722-862565a8-71d1a3@enron.com	30869	null	null
sarah.driscoll@enron.com	30870	null	null
lkacal@enron.com	30871	null	null
kate.lykes@enron.com	30872	null	null
hw64iik76oo8g5@msn.com	30873	null	null
bmenconi@flash.net	30874	null	null
james.j.dailey@accenture.com	30875	null	null
kendra.lee@enron.com	30876	null	null
originators.dl-netco@enron.com	30877	null	null
santebi@aol.com	30878	null	null
lpayton-jacobs@exchange.ml.com	30879	null	null
nowlan.jr.@enron.com	30880	null	null
cool_international@coair.com	30881	null	null
adonnell@prmllp.com	30882	null	null
pepoulse@smtpgate.dphe.state.co.us	30883	null	null
tim.hirasawa@rbcds.com	30884	null	null
jr289@router.mail.cornell.edu	30885	null	null
tlumley@u.washington.edu	30886	null	null
cabh@pge.com	30887	null	null
jeanniekay60@hotmail.com	30888	null	null
glxyzgnasxdujiwc@yahoo.co.uk	30889	null	null
reefrashman@houston.rr.com	30890	null	null
sqobwyyrmdpyuwfu@aol.com	30891	null	null
leticia.botello@enron.com	30892	null	null
brent_cinnamond@dom.com	30893	null	null
hoffmann.richard@enron.com	30894	null	null
craigjb@state.gov	30895	null	null
glfpz@post.sk	30896	null	null
348411.138119920.1@listserv.redherring.com	30897	null	null
wjsymes@home.com	30898	null	null
gabriel.melamed@ubsw.com	30899	null	null
breadworldinfo@postfuture.com	30900	null	null
rose.rivera@enron.com	30901	null	null
apickens@gibbs-bruns.com	30902	null	null
jirovec'.'robert@enron.com	30903	null	null
apartmentspecials@hotmail.com	30904	null	null
joe.henry@enron.com	30905	null	null
bglisan@enron.com	30906	null	null
national@cfr.org	30907	null	null
winex@cartsonline.com	30908	null	null
jlinvill@tnrcc.state.tx.us	30909	null	null
scott_greenfield@yahoo.com	30910	null	null
fernando.parra@enron.com	30911	null	null
sburke@cera.com	30912	null	null
ra_crutchfield@yahoo.com	30913	null	null
mort@teamfreeze.com	30914	null	null
redonia.porter@bakerbotts.com	30915	null	null
joan.collins@enron.com	30916	null	null
joe.king@enron.com	30917	null	null
gtcook@academicplanet.com	30918	null	null
5z33t95as@msn.com	30919	null	null
clearbot@clearmail2.etrade.com	30920	null	null
clearbot@mailblaster.clearstation.com	30920	null	null
royalinteriors@twave.net	30921	null	null
texasjake@281.com	30922	null	null
susan.bellinghausen@enron.com	30923	null	null
jennifer.mcquade@enron.com	30924	null	null
msdenita@aol.com	30925	null	null
alison.moss@enron.com	30926	null	null
rugbydux@hotmail.com	30927	null	null
thomas.wilkins@enron.com	30928	null	null
zhiyong.wei@enron.com	30929	null	null
lon.draper@enron.com	30930	null	null
jay.godfrey@enron.com	30931	null	null
rachelmcmahon76@yahoo.com	30932	null	null
binkley.oxley@enron.com	30933	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.2996.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	30934	null	null
larry.ciscon@enron.com	30935	null	null
raebevis@hotmail.com	30936	null	null
judith.matlock@dgslaw.com	30937	null	null
egc@exeloncorp.com	30938	null	null
paul.polking@bankofamerica.com	30939	null	null
mary.grisaffi@enron.com	30940	null	null
anneleuthold@techtvcorp.com	30941	null	null
esa_employees@enron.com	30942	null	null
hector.x.alatorre@williams.com	30943	null	null
dbarbour@andrews-kurth.com	30944	null	null
s.borgman@velaw.com	30945	null	null
ann.hicks@enron.com	30946	null	null
cuus@worldnet.att.net	30947	null	null
steve.pruett@enron.com	30948	null	null
beth.perlman@enron.com	30949	null	null
enron'.'jim@enron.com	30950	null	null
iflores@ercot.com	30951	null	null
dennis.alexander@enron.com	30952	null	null
cs3523@hotmail.com	30953	null	null
brenda.garza-castillo@enron.com	30954	null	null
geoff.chaplin@abnamro.com	30955	null	null
david.foster@enron.com	30956	null	null
mccormac@haas.berkeley.edu	30957	null	null
jill.siekmeier@enron.com	30958	null	null
tim.poullain-patterson@enron.com	30959	null	null
stephen.dowd@enron.com	30960	null	null
rune.ehwaz@verizon.net	30961	null	null
lgasparini@simpletel.com	30962	null	null
rss@ercot.com	30963	null	null
judy.jones@us.pwcglobal.com	30964	null	null
ill".'"swanstrom@enron.com	30965	null	null
derek.r.ahmann@chase.com	30966	null	null
david.facey@bchydro.bc.ca	30967	null	null
fred.sampaio@enron.com	30968	null	null
valter.stoiani@enron.com	30969	null	null
yardeni@yardeni.com	30970	null	null
kari.oquinn@enron.com	30971	null	null
bday@mcmurry.net	30972	null	null
lashanda.poledore@enron.com	30973	null	null
hiltons@fbcc.com	30974	null	null
nelson.ferries@enron.com	30975	null	null
allactivema@listserv.amunet.edu	30976	null	null
dkhutchins@att.net	30977	null	null
gmasterson@hgi-fire.com	30978	null	null
yoonkim@mail.utexas.edu	30979	null	null
ase_development@ase.org	30980	null	null
roshni.ghelani-patel@enron.com	30981	null	null
wrbahl@roysterclark.com	30982	null	null
stephenachan@yahoo.com	30983	null	null
ahegger@pdq.net	30984	null	null
lynemartin@msn.com	30985	null	null
joseph.sutton@enron.com	30986	null	null
victoria.bedingfield@enron.com	30987	null	null
martin.bucknell@enron.com	30988	null	null
tarrif.rates@enron.com	30989	null	null
jeffery.johnson@enron.com	30990	null	null
matthew.arnold@enron.com	30991	null	null
james.mcdonnell@matthewscott.com	30992	null	null
mschaefer@nymex.com	30993	null	null
coffee@haas.berkeley.edu	30994	null	null
bardblack@aol.com	30995	null	null
pcooper@aepnet.org	30996	null	null
nik.simon@enron.com	30997	null	null
rerodrigue@hotmail.com	30998	null	null
ampaez@earthlink.net	30999	null	null
mbriney@stam.rc.com	31000	null	null
david.draper@enron.com	31001	null	null
fawn.borger@enron.com	31002	null	null
ldlipman@aol.com	31003	null	null
sdudley@gmu.edu	31004	null	null
tom.hoatson@enron.com	31005	null	null
babak.pooya@southernenergy.com	31006	null	null
jr.breen@enron.com	31007	null	null
alanbark@mypersonalemail.com	31008	null	null
mary.jean.potenzone@weil.com	31009	null	null
now39d@mailman.enron.com	31010	null	null
razzanof@dsmo.com	31011	null	null
chris.ahn@enron.com	31012	null	null
cheisler@starit.com	31013	null	null
spe@spebrodcast.org	31014	null	null
spe@spebroadcast.org	31014	null	null
aw_turner@pgn.com	31015	null	null
carol.salassa@ey.com	31016	null	null
tracikirkpatrick@dwt.com	31017	null	null
douglas.parsons@enron.com	31018	null	null
fxhall@yahoo.com	31019	null	null
cdodd@jwortham.com	31020	null	null
sueh223@juno.com	31021	null	null
rustyt@bammel.org	31022	null	null
pete.markey@enron.com	31023	null	null
david.fisher@enron.com	31024	null	null
sangsm@tdbank.ca	31025	null	null
colin.seibert@wellsfargo.com	31026	null	null
jeff.crook@enron.com	31027	null	null
woertz@enron.com	31028	null	null
george.griese@enron.com	31029	null	null
praveen.mellacheruvu@enron.com	31030	null	null
zinak@tradefairgroup.com	31031	null	null
ectlon-ln1@enron.com	31032	null	null
lcurtis@fyi-net.com	31033	null	null
8774984248@pagenetmessage.net	31034	null	null
bill_chamberlin@hotmail.com	31035	null	null
ddotson@aglresources.com	31036	null	null
msdwautoreply@morganstanley.com	31037	null	null
ewpfizhr6@hotmail.com	31038	null	null
jones2117@ywiylkrgwg.yahoo.com	31039	null	null
david.howard@fitchratings.com	31040	null	null
mam@teamlead.com	31041	null	null
bschwer@smud.org	31042	null	null
gillian.johnson@enron.com	31043	null	null
bridgie@prodigy.net	31044	null	null
serg286@web.net.au	31045	null	null
midnitemail@lists.em5000.com	31046	null	null
rgrindstaff@home.com	31047	null	null
barkerde@nmenergy.com	31048	null	null
john.viverito@enron.com	31049	null	null
andrews.andy@enron.com	31050	null	null
stephen.wolfe@enron.com	31051	null	null
vsharp@enron.com	31052	null	null
donna_anderson@aimfunds.com	31053	null	null
michael.kass@enron.com	31054	null	null
un1aw85@post.sk	31055	null	null
nelson.richard@enron.com	31056	null	null
judy.tefteller@kingwoodumc.org	31057	null	null
slivana.digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca	31058	null	null
chaseonlineplus@chaseonline.chase.com	31059	null	null
ballytotal@processrequest.com	31060	null	null
mpowell@nmfiber.com	31061	null	null
jmathews@jefferson-usa.com	31062	null	null
bryan.vaclavik@enron.com	31063	null	null
rstephrns@bracepatt.com	31064	null	null
cagerard2002@yahoo.com	31065	null	null
william.y.chan@ssmb.com	31066	null	null
adam.johnson@enron.com	31067	null	null
mina.dioun@lcra.org	31068	null	null
philip.h.carver@state.or.us	31069	null	null
louise.bird@enron.com	31070	null	null
prysqwmflfyvvhlh@yahoo.ca	31071	null	null
zakia.mcclure@enron.com	31072	null	null
lodonnell@spbank.com	31073	null	null
ohi_supporters@operationhope.org	31074	null	null
miranda.southard@enron.com	31075	null	null
nmenchac@dart.org	31076	null	null
networkcommerce-rciw20020116@ombramarketing.com	31077	null	null
rmfmckinne@aol.com	31078	null	null
tunnicliff.shannon@enron.com	31079	null	null
cwliptke@czn.com	31080	null	null
comer.ed@enron.com	31081	null	null
castlen.moore@enron.com	31082	null	null
sheri.a.righi@accenture.com	31083	null	null
donnice@swbell.net	31084	null	null
pamela.mitchell@enron.com	31085	null	null
samer.khatib@enron.com	31086	null	null
dpowers@ogwb.com	31087	null	null
charles_t._wehland@jonesday.com	31088	null	null
reginald.smith@enron.com	31089	null	null
villanuevar@broncos.nfl.com	31090	null	null
macleodb@hbdlawyers.com	31091	null	null
toni.bustamante@enron.com	31092	null	null
daniel_wheeler@fpl.com	31093	null	null
simonet@enron.com	31094	null	null
emily.sellers@enron.com	31095	null	null
daboub1@airmail.net	31096	null	null
gwillard@mit.edu	31097	null	null
mphares@primeenergy.com	31098	null	null
ckodner@stuart.k12.nj.us	31099	null	null
lara.wright@bakerhughes.com	31100	null	null
phil.layton@enron.com	31101	null	null
bonnie.nelson@enron.com	31102	null	null
arcane1@airmail.net	31103	null	null
atlserve@staff.abanet.org	31104	null	null
aroach@nrdc.org	31105	null	null
4lsr@msn.com	31106	null	null
joe.jure@enron.com	31107	null	null
bamendol@westerngas.com	31108	null	null
juskelis@t-online.de	31109	null	null
specialdeals@lists.em5000.com	31110	null	null
siva66@msn.com	31111	null	null
siva66@mail.ev1.net	31111	null	null
terri_l_ponce_de_leon@calpx.com	31112	null	null
brandon1444@yahoo.com	31113	null	null
james.mackey@enron.com	31114	null	null
jo.zepeda@enron.com	31115	null	null
elizabeth.haines@cfisd.net	31116	null	null
keddy14@uol.com.ve	31117	null	null
jturnure@icfconsulting.com	31118	null	null
gvansco@allianceworldwide.com	31119	null	null
changeold_4_c4a981dac2797e1fd39357ac6aebb57fef803c8e3271cded3d6177ce43a7b2c5_johngriffith65@newman.oscar.aol.com	31120	null	null
mebarham@duke-energy.com	31121	null	null
dougs@liberty-revival.org	31122	null	null
ptufano@hbs.edu	31123	null	null
wjheilman@worldnet.att.net	31124	null	null
louisebsa@aol.com	31125	null	null
mbarber@hesinet.com	31126	null	null
wall_street_journal@xmr3.com	31127	null	null
c.john.thompson@enron.com	31128	null	null
john.thompson@enron.com	31128	null	null
nishiko@pacbell.net	31129	null	null
cindy.shaffer@enron.com	31130	null	null
thai@enron.com	31131	null	null
darin.talley@enron.com	31132	null	null
1.3993.cd-yjit17fk3xoa.1@mailer.realage.com	31133	null	null
sara.shackelton@enron.com	31134	null	null
bradh121@pacbell.net	31135	null	null
richard.slovenski@enron.com	31136	null	null
scott.olson@adidasus.com	31137	null	null
shaprio.rick@enron.com	31138	null	null
palmannouncements.6zgn5hh1.d@insync-palm.com	31139	null	null
rainslie@isda.org	31140	null	null
rainslie@enron.com	31140	null	null
california.group@enron.com	31141	null	null
jean.killough@enron.com	31142	null	null
gtsiolis@swlaw.com	31143	null	null
jpjfrench@hotmail.com	31144	null	null
vicky.gregorcyk@enron.com	31145	null	null
mheuser@credopetroleum.com	31146	null	null
patricia.shelton@elpaso.com	31147	null	null
michael.kopper@enron.com	31148	null	null
monica_padilla@city.palo-alto.ca.us	31149	null	null
chantalb@atg.com	31150	null	null
martin.essing@enron.com	31151	null	null
wicain@fame.com	31152	null	null
retwell@sanmarcos.net	31153	null	null
hayley@turn.org	31154	null	null
mxb@quinnemanuel.com	31155	null	null
ddenniston@aesc.com	31156	null	null
wpiernot@keller.edu	31157	null	null
pakrueger@earthlink.net	31158	null	null
defrance@apex2000.net	31159	null	null
powerlist@intcx.com	31160	null	null
sean.yang@enron.com	31161	null	null
steve.richman@enron.com	31162	null	null
corinna.johnston@intria.com	31163	null	null
harvey.mitchell@enron.com	31164	null	null
pamkirchhoff@nicorenergy.com	31165	null	null
brad.guilmino@enron.com	31166	null	null
sbason@dataprose.com	31167	null	null
colette.dow@ubsw.com	31168	null	null
rrussin@natsource.com	31169	null	null
dhulton@euromoneypic.com	31170	null	null
wade.stubblefield@enron.com	31171	null	null
watch-it!@enron.com	31172	null	null
tom_talley@ryderscott.com	31173	null	null
behrp@washpost.com	31174	null	null
shl@ptrcom.com	31175	null	null
bill.foresman@enron.com	31176	null	null
valencia@enron.com	31177	null	null
terry.porter@intcx.com	31178	null	null
garydlindley@visto.com	31179	null	null
rnickell@home.com	31180	null	null
thomas.nestor@enron.com	31181	null	null
winter_calvert@hotmail.com	31182	null	null
groves.ned@mayo.edu	31183	null	null
yamato.konishi@ibjbank.co.jp	31184	null	null
gil.marmol@enron.com	31185	null	null
scott.larwood@enron.com	31186	null	null
patti.mccall@enron.com	31187	null	null
coopers@epenergy.com	31188	null	null
philip_sharp@harvard.edu	31189	null	null
kamoss@njng.com	31190	null	null
claudio.ribeiro@enron.com	31191	null	null
margarita.coale@weil.com	31192	null	null
calhoun.brian@enron.com	31193	null	null
wiegert.ross@enron.com	31194	null	null
laura.valencia@enron.com	31195	null	null
wetz2@gateway.net	31196	null	null
tuanmurray@hotmail.com	31197	null	null
jrojas@gas.pemex.com	31198	null	null
nmisra@enron.com	31199	null	null
jdaigh@utilicorp.com	31200	null	null
7409948@enron.com	31201	null	null
michelle.procell@mirant.com	31202	null	null
tiffany.williams@enron.com	31203	null	null
lhernandez@luce.com	31204	null	null
hoecker@enron.com	31205	null	null
ted.ballinger@enron.com	31206	null	null
rkblackshear@aep.com	31207	null	null
kgarrett@andrew.cmu.edu	31208	null	null
diana.ovalle@enron.com	31209	null	null
lee.fascetti@enron.com	31210	null	null
anthony.mandel@enron.com	31211	null	null
alisa.green@enron.com	31212	null	null
he@resourceinfo.com	31213	null	null
ebe4476b-2d94882a-86256a14-75ff3b@enron.com	31214	null	null
young.douglas@enron.com	31215	null	null
kelmo3@hotmail.com	31216	null	null
john.krieg@enron.com	31217	null	null
phil.yoxall@enron.com	31218	null	null
steven.merris@enron.com	31219	null	null
tomson.l@enron.com	31220	null	null
d2mr@pge.com	31221	null	null
aisha@uh.edu	31222	null	null
matagasco@aol.com	31223	null	null
amcclure@obgynmail.com	31224	null	null
bvirtue@cogentech.com	31225	null	null
charlene.merrill@dvn.com	31226	null	null
tammy.mulrooney@enron.com	31227	null	null
daff31@talkmatch.com	31228	null	null
dreddick@lgc.com	31229	null	null
kbrafman@hotmail.com	31230	null	null
rickngo@yahoo.com	31231	null	null
hreynolds@imiresort.com	31232	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3123.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	31233	null	null
fc1cl71@mail.pt	31234	null	null
aily@restructuringtoday.com	31235	null	null
bshields@coral-energy.com	31236	null	null
px_marketing_services@calpx.com	31237	null	null
tammie.shoppe@enron.com	31238	null	null
jlapcev@alleghenyenergy.com	31239	null	null
vincent.fox@enron.com	31240	null	null
jeff.shields@enron.com	31241	null	null
jefflowney@aol.com	31242	null	null
chmargau@aol.com	31243	null	null
leesa.hutcherson@enron.com	31244	null	null
pincussr@nmenergy.com	31245	null	null
gpmaloney@yahoo.com	31246	null	null
msngamingzone_023927@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	31247	null	null
lynnblair@enron.com	31248	null	null
dls@corcoran.com	31249	null	null
nagill@hotmail.com	31250	null	null
antsyalways@gvec.net	31251	null	null
thopson@nmsslonestar.org	31252	null	null
hasnah.mat-amin@pacificorp.com	31253	null	null
sanwi@webtv.net	31254	null	null
kmcguinn@gsb.uchicago.edu	31255	null	null
millerjen@mail.utexas.edu	31256	null	null
mary.botello@enron.com	31257	null	null
bonuraj@phelps.com	31258	null	null
meames@idahopower.com	31259	null	null
jrbirge@northwestern.edu	31260	null	null
livelong4@arabia.com	31261	null	null
renee_st._louis@enron.net	31262	null	null
aherrera@statoilenergy.com	31263	null	null
jschwartz@mslegalsearch.com	31264	null	null
hesaul@winstarmail.com	31265	null	null
lisa.polk@enron.com	31266	null	null
kddavis@duke-energy.com	31267	null	null
colvin_craig@valic.com	31268	null	null
hazlewoodsales1@leadcrm.com	31269	null	null
jim.eden@enron.com	31270	null	null
dustin-sievers@hoffmancorp.com	31271	null	null
ll_mwdaily@yahoo.com	31272	null	null
daren6336@moscowoffice.com	31273	null	null
lamace@alaska.net	31274	null	null
joshua.wooten@enron.com	31275	null	null
kskinney@hotmail.com	31276	null	null
kevin.rolens@painewebber.com	31277	null	null
overcredulous@enrobe.com	31278	null	null
stephen.stein@enron.com	31279	null	null
hoq.mahi@enron.com	31280	null	null
rhines.ken@enron.com	31281	null	null
b27152@kali.com.cn	31282	null	null
eda311@aol.com	31283	null	null
weathernews@apbenergy.com	31284	null	null
azr1@psu.edu	31285	null	null
aurora.dimacali@enron.com	31286	null	null
james.harris@enron.com	31287	null	null
jdbok@mindspring.com	31288	null	null
joshn@induslogic.com	31289	null	null
mangumm@themangumgroup.com	31290	null	null
adam.senn@enron.com	31291	null	null
students@amunet.edu	31292	null	null
james.barkley@bakerbotts.com	31293	null	null
enl-update-html@estutenws11.energy.williams.com	31294	null	null
jevaughn.sterling@enron.com	31295	null	null
bamiller@kpmg.com	31296	null	null
jhadams69@aol.com	31297	null	null
meliza.evanson@enron.com	31298	null	null
pduprey@newenergy.com	31299	null	null
kverma@mofo.com	31300	null	null
aod@newsdata.com	31301	null	null
nick.rahn@enron.com	31302	null	null
christoph.frei@weforum.org	31303	null	null
mlorenz@houston.rr.com	31304	null	null
diaphone@earthlink.net	31305	null	null
mark.denner@enron.com	31306	null	null
mcavoyk@natfuel.com	31307	null	null
dianas@macho.com	31308	null	null
tim.aron@enron.com	31309	null	null
graverj@mail.rfweston.com	31310	null	null
j..edison@enron.com	31311	null	null
kkopetzy@utilicorp.com	31312	null	null
exenron@hotmail.com	31313	null	null
mqdo@yahoo.com	31314	null	null
greg.grissom@enron.com	31315	null	null
n.wang@enron.com	31316	null	null
kshroyer@earthlink.net	31317	null	null
dpedigo@intergen.com	31318	null	null
agilford@wbcounsel.com	31319	null	null
432441.177180221.2@1.americanexpress.com	31320	null	null
sean.donoghue@enron.com	31321	null	null
dcook@infiniteenergy.com	31322	null	null
amayhew@wilbankscorp.com	31323	null	null
3402007@mcimail.com	31324	null	null
e.presley@enron.com	31325	null	null
robert.hoodis@enron.com	31326	null	null
kathleen.carnhan@enron.com	31327	null	null
grimes.gordon@enron.com	31328	null	null
r-8-730829-2742009-2-4776-us2-df612766@xmr3.com	31329	null	null
arkit55@mak.sii.co.jp	31330	null	null
arden_ellis@hotmail.com	31331	null	null
dkowalc@ect.enron.com	31332	null	null
sqjjznkvuoviulme@yahoo.co.uk	31333	null	null
parkwdpals@home.com	31334	null	null
jdavidson@srfunds.com	31335	null	null
james.wood@enron.com	31336	null	null
karen.maskwa@enron.com	31337	null	null
angovaj@cpchem.com	31338	null	null
jgoldblatt@agsk.com	31339	null	null
foleyscruiseclub@opt43.edirectnetwork.net	31340	null	null
lburton@houston.rr.com	31341	null	null
sue.frusco@enron.com	31342	null	null
communications.5271645.4101.0@a1f3-tr1.4at3.net	31343	null	null
bryan.deluca@enron.com	31344	null	null
sarah.heineman@enron.com	31345	null	null
heineman@enron.com	31345	null	null
energywriter@aol.com	31346	null	null
sstf@ercot.com	31347	null	null
katiemcmahon99@hotmail.com	31348	null	null
littlefair@pickensfuelcorp.com	31349	null	null
kenneth.cooper@am.sony.com	31350	null	null
jasselin@iso-ne.com	31351	null	null
alumni.news@anderson.ucla.edu	31352	null	null
jeff.richter@enron.com	31353	null	null
meyerjames@hotmail.com	31354	null	null
ronald_lebert@dell.com	31355	null	null
jeremy.lo@enron.com	31356	null	null
spsable@foresightllc.com	31357	null	null
rkelter@citizensutilityboard.org	31358	null	null
joseph.deffner@enron.com	31359	null	null
1.14166227.-1@multexinvestornetwork.com	31360	null	null
verav@gddcpa.com	31361	null	null
elleni@pennwell.com	31362	null	null
fali@adaytum.com	31363	null	null
sbainbridge@wfw.com	31364	null	null
meredith.campbell@enron.com	31365	null	null
sevans@littler.com	31366	null	null
littler@swbell.net	31367	null	null
mike.mcclain@enron.com	31368	null	null
harpyqueen@yahoo.com	31369	null	null
clhpalaw@aol.com	31370	null	null
salzate@houston.org	31371	null	null
michael.ferrara@ubs.com	31372	null	null
ob@globaladvisors.co.uk	31373	null	null
nadege.assale@enron.com	31374	null	null
teetimeconfirmation@ezlinksgolf.com	31375	null	null
david.gossett@enron.com	31376	null	null
twporter@porterhedges.com	31377	null	null
joan_heredia@urscorp.com	31378	null	null
bryan.williams@enron.com	31379	null	null
craig.coombs@elpaso.com	31380	null	null
amy_lacy@hotmail.com	31381	null	null
andy.ramirez@austinenergy.com	31382	null	null
prohelp@venturewire.com	31383	null	null
michael.lorenz@enron.com	31384	null	null
sansell@airmail.net	31385	null	null
sonjamatanovic@hotmail.com	31386	null	null
pclevenger@smurfit.com	31387	null	null
highschoolalumni@highschoolalumni.com	31388	null	null
john.jesse@enron.com	31389	null	null
mschulzsd@aol.com	31390	null	null
houston.downtown@accountemps.com	31391	null	null
rbadeer@enron.com	31392	null	null
sandra.evans@enron.com	31393	null	null
erik.eriksen@enron.com	31394	null	null
dennis.benevides@enron.com	31395	null	null
jodi.droll@xcelenergy.com	31396	null	null
bill.ward@harrisgroup.com	31397	null	null
mcclaram'.'al@enron.com	31398	null	null
stephen.allen@enron.com	31399	null	null
ace400hp@earthlink.net	31400	null	null
ckennedy@patinaoil.com	31401	null	null
gbarroso@netnumina.com	31402	null	null
forbes_t.jefferson_po.hw_email@houworks.com	31403	null	null
gilbert_adam@jpmorgan.com	31404	null	null
sherry.lessner@enron.com	31405	null	null
michael.bolin@ubsw.com	31406	null	null
kidventure@hypercon.com	31407	null	null
purcell.bill@enron.com	31408	null	null
adam.umanoff@enron.com	31409	null	null
will.zapalac@bus.utexas.edu	31410	null	null
billf@spirerealty.com	31411	null	null
ztrapperz@earthlink.net	31412	null	null
angel.m.esguerra@enron.com	31413	null	null
vofwn@daum.net	31414	null	null
jgaines@wellsstjohn.com	31415	null	null
gbeatty@houston.org	31416	null	null
jdoyle@gibbs-bruns.com	31417	null	null
wise.counsel@lpl.com	31418	null	null
mattc@elitebrokers.net	31419	null	null
craig.schneider@enron.com	31420	null	null
steve.faggard@chevron.com	31421	null	null
julia.sudduth@enron.com	31422	null	null
ty.bettis@enron.com	31423	null	null
katherine.herrera@enron.com	31424	null	null
john.champion@enron.com	31425	null	null
dbicker@paloma.com	31426	null	null
patricia.collins@enron.com	31427	null	null
owner-gamblingtimes@casinoincentives.com	31428	null	null
steve.johnson@enron.com	31429	null	null
oscar_harrison@msdw.com	31430	null	null
jeff.popock@moorecap.com	31431	null	null
dave.delainey@enron.com	31432	null	null
ssmyers@worldnet.att.net	31433	null	null
cosmo@lawresearch.com	31434	null	null
list.subscriber@mailman.enron.com	31435	null	null
richard.devlin@mail.sprint.com	31436	null	null
stephen.newell@enron.com	31437	null	null
manwai.lau@cwt.com	31438	null	null
karen.buckley@enron.com	31439	null	null
andy-austinenergy.ramirez@enron.com	31440	null	null
manuel-munoz@reliantenergy.com	31441	null	null
jklauberg@llgm.com	31442	null	null
d.jordan@enron.com	31443	null	null
communications.avid@enron.com	31444	null	null
shari.daugherty@enron.com	31445	null	null
awm@blakes.com	31446	null	null
susan.amador@enron.com	31447	null	null
mohanlon@hotmail.com	31448	null	null
maria.arefieva@enron.com	31449	null	null
georgi.landau@enron.com	31450	null	null
sbuchanan@mwe.com	31451	null	null
kevin.ruffcorn@enron.com	31452	null	null
a21521@start.no	31453	null	null
jbraterm@cwt.com	31454	null	null
marcello.minotti@enron.com	31455	null	null
jpcary96@hotmail.com	31456	null	null
gharleyb@aol.com	31457	null	null
allan.keel@enron.com	31458	null	null
jwilliams@eei.org	31459	null	null
jwilliams@netcom.ca	31459	null	null
gmiller@rci.rogers.com	31460	null	null
kaz@scotent.co.uk	31461	null	null
randy.janzen@enron.com	31462	null	null
adauzat@lsu.edu	31463	null	null
rmakfdy@aol.com	31464	null	null
willie.kelly@enron.com	31465	null	null
aplin'.'arch@enron.com	31466	null	null
dan.arellano@enron.com	31467	null	null
sonya.clarke@enron.com	31468	null	null
dfoyo@bellsouth.net	31469	null	null
ffrancis@nyiso.com	31470	null	null
joe.hirko@enron.com	31471	null	null
pparvensky@wpo.org	31472	null	null
christa.winfrey@enron.com	31473	null	null
stephanie.korbelik@enron.com	31474	null	null
cantekin.dincerler@enron.com	31475	null	null
sykesd@natfuel.com	31476	null	null
polixenes.701@a-job.dk	31477	null	null
carmen.ayala@enron.com	31478	null	null
porterdk@sce.com	31479	null	null
tracy.wyman@enron.com	31480	null	null
nsims@planetqc.com	31481	null	null
dalestef@flash.net	31482	null	null
tacton@enron.com	31483	null	null
paul.scolese@bushcheney.gov	31484	null	null
body.shop@enron.com	31485	null	null
tom_haywood@platts.com	31486	null	null
gfestervand@dixiechemical.com	31487	null	null
jmcintosh@caiso.com	31488	null	null
petr.pikal@precheza.cz	31489	null	null
thu.dang@enron.com	31490	null	null
marilyn.colbert@enron.com	31491	null	null
salndakwa@kslaw.com	31492	null	null
phenicia.olivier@enron.com	31493	null	null
ytxghpfddg@chat.ru	31494	null	null
enron.executives@enron.com	31495	null	null
cm@coconutmodem.com	31496	null	null
drrichardson@cmsenergy.com	31497	null	null
robert_zoellick@gmfus.org	31498	null	null
dave.kapavik@verizon.com	31499	null	null
kharrell@periwinklefoundation.org	31500	null	null
kricheson@usasean.org	31501	null	null
jeanne.wukasch@enron.com	31502	null	null
homer.lin@enron.com	31503	null	null
brenna.neves@enron.com	31504	null	null
hannah.ortiz@enron.com	31505	null	null
sumwil32@earthlink.net	31506	null	null
officename1234@aol.com	31507	null	null
hector.gutierrez@enron.com	31508	null	null
yvonne.laing@enron.com	31509	null	null
jleitman@fce.com	31510	null	null
eric.hansen@aesmail.com	31511	null	null
nrifkin@menil.org	31512	null	null
w..ueckert@enron.com	31513	null	null
sawestenberg@bpa.gov	31514	null	null
r-1-59269-1450737-2-201-us1-b9bb5938@xmr3.com	31515	null	null
dfossum@enron.com	31516	null	null
caboom46@hotmail.com	31517	null	null
baller31@excite.com	31518	null	null
melissa.rodriguez@enron.com	31519	null	null
jmcgrane@morganlewis.com	31520	null	null
john_adams@fwc.com	31521	null	null
brittany69@swan.ac.uk	31522	null	null
sharon.crawford@enron.com	31523	null	null
gavin.kosviner@gs.com	31524	null	null
joanne.knodel@enron.com	31525	null	null
schwabalerts.marketupdates@schwab.com	31526	null	null
joe.gordon@enron.com	31527	null	null
dennis.holcomb@smud.org	31528	null	null
ptuohy@wm.com	31529	null	null
hursts@merchants-exchange.net	31530	null	null
j6vtg1x@msn.com	31531	null	null
jinsung.myung@enron.com	31532	null	null
carol.marshall@enron.com	31533	null	null
andy.rodriquez@enron.com	31534	null	null
1800flowers.214472356@s2u2.com	31535	null	null
meredyth88@aol.com	31536	null	null
alumniuser@boldfish2.snowball.com	31537	null	null
david.gershenson.wg02@wharton.upenn.edu	31538	null	null
lisano@calpine.com	31539	null	null
very.wealthy@mailboy.enron.com	31540	null	null
lcarlton52@hotmail.com	31541	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5547014-5523779-kdepz67z@tumble2.datek.com	31542	null	null
ginger_b_gamble@reliantenergy.com	31543	null	null
ginger.gamble@enron.com	31543	null	null
elaine.rodriguez@enron.com	31544	null	null
blafuze@velaw.com	31545	null	null
chrisjneale@hotmail.com	31546	null	null
mwilson@pstrategies.com	31547	null	null
patkins@skadden.com	31548	null	null
lowe.aaron@enron.com	31549	null	null
thecsi@hotmail.com	31550	null	null
phillip.k.allen@enron.com	31551	null	null
phillip.allen@enron.com	31551	null	null
bryan.seyfried@enron.com	31552	null	null
dwaterhouseipocustomer@tdwaterhouse.com	31553	null	null
mgeorge@deloitte.ca	31554	null	null
40enron@enron.com	31555	null	null
espnnews_sp9@espn.go.com	31556	null	null
iris.meunier@enron.com	31557	null	null
campozark@campozark.com	31558	null	null
clientservices.283@anntaylor.ed10.net	31559	null	null
naturalsex@excite.com	31560	null	null
investorsforum@utarget.sparklist.com	31561	null	null
vince.lagrange@aprimo.com	31562	null	null
theresa.hess@enron.com	31563	null	null
rossiumi@texas.net	31564	null	null
ray.niles@ssmb.com	31565	null	null
byron.rance@enron.com	31566	null	null
jennifer.oliver@enron.com	31567	null	null
daily_news_text@lists.smartmoney.com	31568	null	null
nfl.265820@nfl.ed10.net	31569	null	null
nba2000@sportingbetusa.com	31570	null	null
trasnic@ou.edu	31571	null	null
'tconl.com@enron.com	31572	null	null
grosenbl@exchange.ml.com	31573	null	null
houston.1@worldnet.att.net	31574	null	null
marc69@swbell.net	31575	null	null
ariel.sandin@mpa01.bus.utexas.edu	31576	null	null
courtney_black@aimfunds.com	31577	null	null
nthomas@utilicorp.com	31578	null	null
yourmin@hotmail.com	31579	null	null
ebiel@fontheiminternational.com	31580	null	null
upqdeadizh@mail2.emediatemail.com	31581	null	null
bbowman@coral-energy.com	31582	null	null
chris.knowles@airliquide.com	31583	null	null
jill.hopson@enron.com	31584	null	null
helga.scheuring@vitra.com	31585	null	null
tawnyrachelle@computron.net	31586	null	null
silberstein.david@enron.com	31587	null	null
credit.dl-lon@enron.com	31588	null	null
bradnelson@excite.com	31589	null	null
gcaspy@mba2002.hbs.edu	31590	null	null
herb.petry@gs.com	31591	null	null
dpurdum@apx.com	31592	null	null
sheila.jones@enron.com	31593	null	null
evstaff@haas.berkeley.edu	31594	null	null
prosnews@prosrm.com	31595	null	null
azgk1@netscape.net	31596	null	null
nancy.hilton@enron.com	31597	null	null
geiv.dubash@enron.com	31598	null	null
cactusaz@hotmail.com	31599	null	null
lburke@nisource.com	31600	null	null
jimmiewilliams@enron.com	31601	null	null
greg.hermans@enron.com	31602	null	null
janspecials@ino.com	31603	null	null
bbodine@mpower3.com	31604	null	null
larry.steward@enron.com	31605	null	null
william.valach@enron.com	31606	null	null
rjl9@pge.com	31607	null	null
dwm@blakes.com	31608	null	null
dwm@blakes.ca	31608	null	null
astorey@nyiso.com	31609	null	null
dorice.cheong@enron.com	31610	null	null
geoffmoore@chasmgroup.com	31611	null	null
david.chrismer@solvaypaperboard.com	31612	null	null
midge.hirsch@chase.com	31613	null	null
ml267ddwab@hotmail.com	31614	null	null
jessie.mata@enron.com	31615	null	null
sharebuilder_031881@netstock.customer-email.com	31616	null	null
jjmm@mediaone.net	31617	null	null
zhou.zou@gs.com	31618	null	null
jmahler@fce.com	31619	null	null
bjf513@swbell.net	31620	null	null
rvipcc@yahoo.com	31621	null	null
pamela.brown@enron.com	31622	null	null
sharebuilder_010853@netstock.customer-email.com	31623	null	null
mscholtz@aol.com	31624	null	null
lettusb@yahoo.com	31625	null	null
cairbear21@aol.com	31626	null	null
steve.krimsky@enron.com	31627	null	null
ktevans@teleport.com	31628	null	null
mark.crowther@enron.com	31629	null	null
bobcarter@penreco.com	31630	null	null
richard.amabile@enron.com	31631	null	null
james.centilli@enron.com	31632	null	null
diana.higgins@enron.com	31633	null	null
notify@newsletter.vindigo.com	31634	null	null
jcostamagna@evolve.com	31635	null	null
attrecipeh@emsiweb.com	31636	null	null
isabel.parker@freshfields.com	31637	null	null
kathy.reeves@enron.com	31638	null	null
susan.gill@omgroup.com	31639	null	null
cfarrell@hesinet.com	31640	null	null
sbalser@nyiso.com	31641	null	null
tina.tennant@enron.com	31642	null	null
akarin@enron.com	31643	null	null
a_diekman@hotmail.com	31644	null	null
xiaowu.huang@enron.com	31645	null	null
yztz95@cswebmail.com	31646	null	null
ameritrade_031076@ameritrade.customer-email.com	31647	null	null
pallard@pioneergas.com	31648	null	null
rodney.derbigny@enron.com	31649	null	null
dl-ga-all_ees@enron.com	31650	null	null
ralph.blakemore@enron.com	31651	null	null
jrm@laplaza.org	31652	null	null
renee.perry@enron.com	31653	null	null
markcmo@aol.com	31654	null	null
williamspete@home.com	31655	null	null
netteltons@hotmail.com	31656	null	null
a11329@personal.ro	31657	null	null
chairman.eim@enron.com	31658	null	null
marlene.mccoy@enron.com	31659	null	null
londonchapman@enron.com	31660	null	null
sandramcgregor@paulhastings.com	31661	null	null
jsandmaier@aep.com	31662	null	null
karen_y_koyano@calpx.com	31663	null	null
ddavenport@multifuels.com	31664	null	null
sshollis@duanemorris.com	31665	null	null
elena.chilkina@enron.com	31666	null	null
jblatchford@caiso.com	31667	null	null
terrie.james@enron.com	31668	null	null
customerservice.1556092.33252.0@service.williams-sonoma.com	31669	null	null
dkohler@br-inc.com	31670	null	null
columbia@mediatrec.roi1.net	31671	null	null
teacake31@yahoo.com	31672	null	null
bill.brogan@enron.com	31673	null	null
eemainzer@bpa.gov	31674	null	null
milly@texas.net	31675	null	null
cornelio.pua@enron.com	31676	null	null
cswanson-hull@urc.state.in.us	31677	null	null
donorservices@uwnyc.org	31678	null	null
doug.cebryk@enron.com	31679	null	null
richard_n_wheatley@reliantenergy.com	31680	null	null
pcassidy@businesscouncil.com	31681	null	null
walter.norton@enron.com	31682	null	null
sue.cuenco@sourcenetsolutions.com	31683	null	null
bbrigham@sidrichgas.com	31684	null	null
expediafaretracker_029102@expedia.customer-email.com	31685	null	null
trollinger.steve@enron.com	31686	null	null
odyssey@texas.net	31687	null	null
ned.swan@simmons-simmons.com	31688	null	null
ptclynes@aol.com	31689	null	null
damian.kissane@db.com	31690	null	null
boerwinkle.anna@enron.com	31691	null	null
1800flowers.195367033@s2u2.com	31692	null	null
f4q8ok@msn.com	31693	null	null
'maristela@enron.com	31694	null	null
reiscast__wave_two.um.a.1013.241@reis-reports.unitymail.net	31695	null	null
robricks86@hotmail.com	31696	null	null
sybille.lilienthal@enron.com	31697	null	null
dmccarty@enron.com	31698	null	null
alex.perwich@enron.com	31699	null	null
kaye.ellis@enron.com	31700	null	null
courtkoe@yahoo.com	31701	null	null
randy.bhatia@enron.com	31702	null	null
sfinnegan@velaw.com	31703	null	null
andy.drew@enron.com	31704	null	null
rbrooks@cba.ua.edu	31705	null	null
coylej@diamtech.com	31706	null	null
george.grant@enron.com	31707	null	null
james.sanford@enron.com	31708	null	null
bondinfo@fmsbonds.com	31709	null	null
brooksbrothers@clickaction.net	31710	null	null
rick_krejci@kindermorgan.com	31711	null	null
asme_pd0210@list.asme.org	31712	null	null
valgeneres@ev1.net	31713	null	null
valgeneres@hotmail.com	31713	null	null
peter.maheu@enron.com	31714	null	null
rrabalais@velaw.com	31715	null	null
archie.n.eubanks@enron.com	31716	null	null
condosavers@mail.hotelresnetwork.com	31717	null	null
clbarrett@agfdirectgas.com	31718	null	null
cooking.com@mail.cooking.com	31719	null	null
ab173@turbomail.net	31720	null	null
wheezard@hotmail.com	31721	null	null
sf.ga@enron.com	31722	null	null
midland2@telusplanet.net	31723	null	null
imprintagency@earthlink.net	31724	null	null
jdmarti@mail.ev1.net	31725	null	null
george.lojko@enron.com	31726	null	null
mark.symms@enron.com	31727	null	null
spradlin@rice.edu	31728	null	null
nncymorgan@msn.com	31729	null	null
tmcgrady@nts-online.net	31730	null	null
stephen.schwarzbach@enron.com	31731	null	null
reason@br-inc.com	31732	null	null
swehner@dow.com	31733	null	null
jparks1@houston.rr.com	31734	null	null
dan_kirshner@environmentaldefense.org	31735	null	null
roxanne.troup@enron.com	31736	null	null
houstonbroadwayseries@clearchannel.com	31737	null	null
stacey.bolton@enron.com	31738	null	null
david.jensen@enron.com	31739	null	null
gcp-technical@caiso.com	31740	null	null
alipscomb@cffpp.org	31741	null	null
victor.browner@enron.com	31742	null	null
usibc1@pacbell.net	31743	null	null
dgrams7@prodigy.net	31744	null	null
stacy.e.dickson@enron.com	31745	null	null
bryan.murtaugh@ubsw.com	31746	null	null
jeff.huo@enron.com	31747	null	null
ybswutengjwwjwze@msn.com	31748	null	null
timothy.j.detmering@enron.com	31749	null	null
sundar.chitradurga@enron.com	31750	null	null
blev@stern.nyu.edu	31751	null	null
ebahry@gpc.ca	31752	null	null
kingranch@clickaction.net	31753	null	null
jennifer.cutaia@enron.com	31754	null	null
tom.moran@enron.com	31755	null	null
xjhuan@yahoo.com	31756	null	null
techsupport.notices@enron.com	31757	null	null
tom.victorio@enron.com	31758	null	null
customerservice.1556092.30292.0@service.williams-sonoma.com	31759	null	null
seksan.kiatsupaibul@enron.com	31760	null	null
ramona_glenn@ryderscott.com	31761	null	null
usatoday5918@mailandnews.com	31762	null	null
jkorn123@aol.com	31763	null	null
jbarna@hsr.ca.gov	31764	null	null
kahlich.kaye@enron.com	31765	null	null
pfogarty@bbvklaw.com	31766	null	null
carol.chew@enron.com	31767	null	null
jdegraffenreid@hess.com	31768	null	null
harold.buchanan@enron.com	31769	null	null
dfdonovan@debevoise.com	31770	null	null
krista.friesen@blakes.com	31771	null	null
gary.smith@enron.com	31772	null	null
kathryn.sheppard@enron.com	31773	null	null
cdmetz@midcogen.com	31774	null	null
remi.otegbola@enron.com	31775	null	null
liz.bellamy@enron.com	31776	null	null
ganapathy.ramesh@enron.com	31777	null	null
rajat.khater@enron.com	31778	null	null
carrie.slagle@enron.com	31779	null	null
paul.burkhart@enron.com	31780	null	null
duchess6206@yahoo.com	31781	null	null
dennis.howell@enron.com	31782	null	null
tusharyn@staff.abanet.org	31783	null	null
david.tran@enron.com	31784	null	null
fantastic_rates@superemailservice.com	31785	null	null
laura_sarah@hotmail.com	31786	null	null
awilli4@enron.com	31787	null	null
iucgroup@email.com	31788	null	null
laughlin'.'scott@enron.com	31789	null	null
steve_zo@hotmail.com	31790	null	null
mlubic@mdbe.com	31791	null	null
compaq_my_presario-10@greatideas.compaq.com	31792	null	null
stacy.fitzgerald@enron.com	31793	null	null
georganne.hodges@enron.com	31794	null	null
marina.titova@enron.com	31795	null	null
jniesch@gwdg.de	31796	null	null
peterthompson@akllp.com	31797	null	null
rtask@reliantenergy.com	31798	null	null
eol.originators@enron.com	31799	null	null
sherry.meyers@enron.com	31800	null	null
marvin.l.stevens@williams.com	31801	null	null
kirsten.bellas@enron.com	31802	null	null
michael.lechner@enron.com	31803	null	null
kimberly.smith@morganstanley.com	31804	null	null
parlonewsletter@tempest.parlo.com	31805	null	null
shari_d_brightwell@reliantenergy.com	31806	null	null
mnierva@bear.com	31807	null	null
oma696-eb4102.conference@enron.com	31808	null	null
elsantoss@hotmail.com	31809	null	null
raetta.zadow@enron.com	31810	null	null
jdeal@cvmbs.colostate.edu	31811	null	null
sunb9902b@ccsurvey.com	31812	null	null
ktmenzies@hotmail.com	31813	null	null
clintonsmor@aol.com	31814	null	null
dunlavy.brian@enron.com	31815	null	null
joel.forbes@ubsw.com	31816	null	null
julie.hayward@enron.com	31817	null	null
jabor@wt.net	31818	null	null
kathleen.sullivan@enron.com	31819	null	null
lucie@jhmedia.com	31820	null	null
tlawson007@hotmail.com	31821	null	null
katheline.muller@pinnaclewest.com	31822	null	null
union.credit@enron.com	31823	null	null
ttt@cpuc.ca.gov	31824	null	null
denise.hong@enron.com	31825	null	null
michael.grimes@enron.com	31826	null	null
darren.c.girron@enron.com	31827	null	null
cvangelatos@caiso.com	31828	null	null
vireturn@uts.cc.utexas.edu	31829	null	null
deluke.mike@enron.com	31830	null	null
polliard.sharon@enron.com	31831	null	null
klnesmith@compuserve.com	31832	null	null
cynthia.liedtke@dynegy.com	31833	null	null
lauberg".'"john@enron.com	31834	null	null
steve.pan@enron.com	31835	null	null
marcus.stephan@enron.com	31836	null	null
vege@izhuta.com	31837	null	null
shawn.anderson@enron.com	31838	null	null
rmberkowitz@att.net	31839	null	null
paul.maley@enron.com	31840	null	null
elliott.fong@enron.com	31841	null	null
nicholas.o'day@enron.com	31842	null	null
kevin.montagne@enron.com	31843	null	null
juzdm@21cn.com	31844	null	null
jamieshand@aec.ca	31845	null	null
mconner@plainsgt.org	31846	null	null
dloe@utilicorp.com	31847	null	null
john.noland@enron.com	31848	null	null
louderduck@aol.com	31849	null	null
lynn.handlin@txu.com	31850	null	null
abm@aol.com	31851	null	null
ohn.lavorato@enron.com	31852	null	null
pierre.aury@enron.com	31853	null	null
enronast@microsoft.com	31854	null	null
enron.environmental@enron.com	31855	null	null
weldon.stayton@enron.com	31856	null	null
jboucher@kemaconsulting.com	31857	null	null
yiayiastam@aol.com	31858	null	null
goreb13@hotmail.com	31859	null	null
raypaulk@surfsouth.com	31860	null	null
swf5@pge.com	31861	null	null
yudkowsky'.'alan@enron.com	31862	null	null
aflower2@csc.com	31863	null	null
tlthomas1@duke-energy.com	31864	null	null
tbww20011119@ombramarketing.com	31865	null	null
kristin.gandy@enron.com	31866	null	null
bruce.stram@enron.com	31867	null	null
steven.herrup@db.com	31868	null	null
maintenance.dl-exchange@enron.com	31869	null	null
aforbess@wcenviro.com	31870	null	null
jgrant@allenmatkins.com	31871	null	null
rgiibbs@gibbs-bruns.com	31872	null	null
gillp@amerexenergy.com	31873	null	null
monica.edwards@enron.com	31874	null	null
schedule@clayfarmer.com	31875	null	null
merharp@hotmail.com	31876	null	null
mjd@prodigy.net	31877	null	null
dcohen@wilmer.com	31878	null	null
1800flowers.235677224@s2u2.com	31879	null	null
coldwatercreek.631736.1181.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	31880	null	null
jvasilia@monarch.papillion.ne.us	31881	null	null
myupdates@jacksonlewis.com	31882	null	null
kdurant@vcn.com	31883	null	null
s-swaner@tamu.edu	31884	null	null
important_phone_call@response.etracks.com	31885	null	null
linjen@cantv.net	31886	null	null
bijangh2000@tavana.net	31887	null	null
james.saunders@enron.com	31888	null	null
kristin.mcneillie@mail.bcop.com	31889	null	null
ppolensky@rwd.com	31890	null	null
agnews@cme1.americangreetings.com	31891	null	null
krodrigu@icc.state.il.us	31892	null	null
janette.oquendo@enron.com	31893	null	null
gisb4@aol.com	31894	null	null
microsoft.netpassport_033682@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	31895	null	null
pedgerly@baincap.com	31896	null	null
mark_kraus@eogresources.com	31897	null	null
jfjord@hanover-co.com	31898	null	null
sarah.walker@excelergy.com	31899	null	null
andrew.hill@enron.com	31900	null	null
angela.henn@enron.com	31901	null	null
baldtimwin@hotmail.com	31902	null	null
shayes@eea-inc.com	31903	null	null
edward.terry@enron.com	31904	null	null
expedia.com_011547@expedia.customer-email.com	31905	null	null
demoya@enron.com	31906	null	null
vmcarthur@plainsresources.com	31907	null	null
rajesh.sarkar@mphasis.com	31908	null	null
mike.riedel@enron.com	31909	null	null
znflajg@aol.com	31910	null	null
lisa.mackey@enron.com	31911	null	null
summyto@hotmail.com	31912	null	null
cwagers@dcpud.org	31913	null	null
darezina@mwe.com	31914	null	null
pbukowski@acex.com	31915	null	null
mwomble@clearant.com	31916	null	null
hattie.golden@williams.com	31917	null	null
rrozic@swbell.net	31918	null	null
wordoftheday@lists.lexico.com	31919	null	null
domenic@peice.com	31920	null	null
canion@enron.com	31921	null	null
mary.brodbeck@rhii.com	31922	null	null
msid@ionsys.com	31923	null	null
mcrowel@kingranch.com	31924	null	null
bdaugherty@aep.com	31925	null	null
rott@reliant.com	31926	null	null
cbarfield@aei.org	31927	null	null
shelley.grover@enron.com	31928	null	null
audrey.harenski@enron.com	31929	null	null
bruno.gaillard@enron.com	31930	null	null
mwilliams@tradespark.com	31931	null	null
tonysharp@uswestmail.net	31932	null	null
jmcinnis2@dicksonassociates.com	31933	null	null
ecphillipsjr@hotmail.com	31934	null	null
fergus.trenholme@enron.com	31935	null	null
daren.j.farmer@enron.com	31936	null	null
leftcoast1@earthlink.net	31937	null	null
patricia.dolese@puc.state.tx.us	31938	null	null
dlyne@apple.com	31939	null	null
jacob.conklin@enron.com	31940	null	null
donna.titley@enron.com	31941	null	null
'12007'@enron.com	31942	null	null
jeffmcgillis@hotmail.com	31943	null	null
hutchdog1@aol.com	31944	null	null
cra@calretailers.com	31945	null	null
kefet@jubiipost.dk	31946	null	null
michael.d.peel@intel.com	31947	null	null
dplatt@dlj.com	31948	null	null
gene.simpson@ipgdirect.com	31949	null	null
mcfam@andrews-kurth.com	31950	null	null
42.9102.e9-gdmp_x60odnme1mvcdrr.1@e-mailprograms.delta.com	31951	null	null
ryan.keith@enron.com	31952	null	null
richard.buckingham@enron.com	31953	null	null
405954.61855799.2@1.americanexpress.com	31954	null	null
citymgr@southside-place.org	31955	null	null
tnsc@oms.net	31956	null	null
marc.hensel@enron.com	31957	null	null
rich.hall@enron.com	31958	null	null
lwatson293@aol.com	31959	null	null
minnich@imarkets.com	31960	null	null
newswires@dowjones.com	31961	null	null
burns.chad@enron.com	31962	null	null
mike.whealy@firstdatacorp.com	31963	null	null
rlumbra@russellreynolds.com	31964	null	null
cheryl.slone@enron.com	31965	null	null
mmcclel4@csc.com	31966	null	null
jenny.sheffield@mail.house.gov	31967	null	null
bonafide-fuel-oil@worldnet.att.net	31968	null	null
jilleobug@yahoo.com	31969	null	null
martin.gleason@enron.com	31970	null	null
billr@calpine.com	31971	null	null
judyh314@aol.com	31972	null	null
kmwilliams@frostbank.com	31973	null	null
vision.values@enron.com	31974	null	null
baileatha@aol.com	31975	null	null
david_walkup@ml.com	31976	null	null
prizemachine@feedback.iwon.com	31977	null	null
announcements.ets@enron.com	31978	null	null
surfn.go@americawest.com	31979	null	null
selma.reyna@enron.com	31980	null	null
trey.meerbott@enron.com	31981	null	null
kim.bruno@ferc.fed.us	31982	null	null
tjlynch@nyseg.com	31983	null	null
virtual_dedicated_servers@yahoo.com	31984	null	null
syerneni@blackrock.com	31985	null	null
michael.nguyen@enron.com	31986	null	null
rbecker@enron.com	31987	null	null
dtran1@txu.com	31988	null	null
clemens.mueller@enron.com	31989	null	null
deng.shijie@enron.com	31990	null	null
brett.dima@csfb.com	31991	null	null
tcampbell@tigernaturalgas.com	31992	null	null
bouthonnet.michel@wanadoo.fr	31993	null	null
david.aronoff@enron.com	31994	null	null
energy.dl-ga-all_ubsw@enron.com	31995	null	null
veronica.espinoza@enron.com	31996	null	null
julietdn@hotmail.com	31997	null	null
rbillbrough@yahoo.com	31998	null	null
bruce_studley@fwc.com	31999	null	null
sethomas@zianet.com	32000	null	null
barbara.taylor@enron.com	32001	null	null
cowgirldean@hotmail.com	32002	null	null
julie_austin@illinoispower.com	32003	null	null
limonej@merchantenergy.com	32004	null	null
mark.mcclure@enron.com	32005	null	null
avaina@markethubs.com	32006	null	null
gail.whipple@enron.com	32007	null	null
avalon@avalonwine.com	32008	null	null
anita_anthony@ziffdavis.com	32009	null	null
kmshulklapper@hotmail.com	32010	null	null
douglas.cummins@enron.com	32011	null	null
sbertin@newpower.com	32012	null	null
william.fleenor@enron.com	32013	null	null
8774754543@skytel.com	32014	null	null
manuel.ammann@unisg.ch	32015	null	null
rlevy@mcguire.com	32016	null	null
mountain-travel@lists.skimoguls.com	32017	null	null
homunculus_2001@yahoo.com	32018	null	null
rippen1@flash.net	32019	null	null
medschul@cvtv.net	32020	null	null
myrlyni@msn.com	32021	null	null
rmwongozi@hotmail.com	32022	null	null
timothy.callahan@enron.com	32023	null	null
james_taylor@customoffers.com	32024	null	null
jsymes@gladstone.uoregon.edu	32025	null	null
linda.stepenovitch@bankofamerica.com	32026	null	null
wwschofi@phjw.com	32027	null	null
fly_soft@classic.msm.com	32028	null	null
kent.fickett@neg.pge.com	32029	null	null
jgbosse@wsicorp.com	32030	null	null
hansenm@aivinc.com	32031	null	null
timmi@universal-net.com	32032	null	null
msnmoneyupdate_033499@ms-moneycentral.customer-email.com	32033	null	null
marcus.von@enron.com	32034	null	null
webhusker@or4ne.com	32035	null	null
sherry.graham@enron.com	32036	null	null
beaman@enron.com	32037	null	null
patrick.maloy@enron.com	32038	null	null
lorna.pennicooke@enron.com	32039	null	null
darlene.taylor@enron.com	32040	null	null
jeanie.doty@austinenergy.com	32041	null	null
ebscooper@enron.com	32042	null	null
hanesds@iname.com	32043	null	null
tdavis@tradespark.com	32044	null	null
customerservice.2652935.14673.0@service.potterybarnkids.com	32045	null	null
dillons@wdni.com	32046	null	null
great_star@msn.com	32047	null	null
erickson.stephen@mayo.edu	32048	null	null
cab@cpuc.ca.gov	32049	null	null
dlaerialdayelecnews@aerial1.com	32050	null	null
karen.mazuryk@powerpool.ab.ca	32051	null	null
reliaquote@mediatrec.roi1.net	32052	null	null
caycie.c.ayres@accenture.com	32053	null	null
tom.young@enron.com	32054	null	null
atkin.chris@enron.com	32055	null	null
trpape@aol.com	32056	null	null
rstoraa@uswest.com	32057	null	null
david.hill@morganstanley.com	32058	null	null
leo_jr@linbeck.com	32059	null	null
randymusselwhite@cogentrix.com	32060	null	null
amir.ahanchian@enron.com	32061	null	null
mivancic@zoo.uvm.edu	32062	null	null
lori.boudreaux@enron.com	32063	null	null
bvana@dot.state.az.us	32064	null	null
richard.freed@enron.com	32065	null	null
asadr@panalytix.com	32066	null	null
marlene.brady@kmz.com	32067	null	null
kwr@rice.edu	32068	null	null
adriane.schultea@enron.com	32069	null	null
ccastro2@bayou.uh.edu	32070	null	null
mjroan@aep.com	32071	null	null
michael.gorman@bnsf.com	32072	null	null
emaildelivery@businesswire.com	32073	null	null
deborah.asmus@enron.com	32074	null	null
knorton@mcnallytemple.com	32075	null	null
fdjn@aol.com	32076	null	null
benjamin.souza@msdw.com	32077	null	null
ewatson@skadden.com	32078	null	null
espnnews_sp14@espn.go.com	32079	null	null
hurl007@aol.com	32080	null	null
danny.stahljr@williams.com	32081	null	null
janet.warri@enron.com	32082	null	null
energypracticegroup@manatt.com	32083	null	null
drom@pjm.com	32084	null	null
rose.mock@enron.com	32085	null	null
brett.pate@enron.com	32086	null	null
mrodriguez@nymex.com	32087	null	null
jerry.earle@compaq.com	32088	null	null
shelly.stubbs@enron.com	32089	null	null
altcap@rogers.com	32090	null	null
robin.carr@et.pge.com	32091	null	null
vickiryder@juno.com	32092	null	null
pesin.robin@enron.com	32093	null	null
vinio.floris@enron.com	32094	null	null
insynconline.6zgtgy65.d@insync-palm.com	32095	null	null
kellie.fleeks@enron.com	32096	null	null
susan.texas.wagner@chase.com	32097	null	null
marty_oelmann@cargill.com	32098	null	null
expedia.com_031435@expedia.customer-email.com	32099	null	null
zak@enron.com	32100	null	null
archila40@hotmail.com	32101	null	null
ntillett@reliant.com	32102	null	null
windsorhotel@nzbnbhotels.com	32103	null	null
1800flowers.199693074@s2u2.com	32104	null	null
kate.lucas@enron.com	32105	null	null
karlgallan@aol.com	32106	null	null
terra.henderson@accenture.com	32107	null	null
c..forsyth@enron.com	32108	null	null
about-healthextra@aboutdirect.net	32109	null	null
lisa.alfaro@enron.com	32110	null	null
angie.ramirez@enron.com	32111	null	null
toddcarroll@interim.com	32112	null	null
melinda.winkler@enron.com	32113	null	null
bob.svendsen@gpplp.com	32114	null	null
scullyism@hotmail.com	32115	null	null
npcmb@naseej.com	32116	null	null
rick.bachmeier@enron.com	32117	null	null
kim.detiveaux@enron.com	32118	null	null
stephanie.jett@enron.com	32119	null	null
jhagood@mfah.org	32120	null	null
s.goritz@home.com	32121	null	null
gasindex@list.intcx.com	32122	null	null
joe.witherspoon@enron.com	32123	null	null
f3130@miesto.sk	32124	null	null
juffman@bellsouth.net	32125	null	null
steve_ramirez@agfg.com	32126	null	null
wilsonh@misschem.com	32127	null	null
tiffanyd@metfamily.org	32128	null	null
npickover@bracepatt.com	32129	null	null
ann.davis@swpc.siemens.com	32130	null	null
rtrice@carlsoncapital.com	32131	null	null
john.magovern@ubsw.com	32132	null	null
richard.sage@enron.com	32133	null	null
poweronline@welcome.verticalnet.com	32134	null	null
vbz8g5@msn.com	32135	null	null
boethia@hotmail.com	32136	null	null
eberle13@hotmail.com	32137	null	null
owner-e-fficiencynews@crest.org	32138	null	null
regory.duncan@nera.com	32139	null	null
cttng@pdq.net	32140	null	null
lwhite@stagestores.com	32141	null	null
cac.itsg@enron.com	32142	null	null
matthew.frank@enron.com	32143	null	null
sailoret_2000@yahoo.com	32144	null	null
edward.hlopak@enron.com	32145	null	null
kfreeman@akingump.com	32146	null	null
clemail@gateway.stcl.edu	32147	null	null
kdyost@aol.com	32148	null	null
gcpdirecttelemetryworkgroup@caiso.com	32149	null	null
xcfcu4mnte6cq@hotmail.com	32150	null	null
jbswanson@reliant.com	32151	null	null
mediatrec1@emailfactory.net	32152	null	null
dhudson@starpower.net	32153	null	null
dschool@enron.com	32154	null	null
belindalulu@hotmail.com	32155	null	null
sydfree1@aol.com	32156	null	null
jwilems@gassupplyconsulting.com	32157	null	null
maria_papi@bstz.com	32158	null	null
kttn0965@aol.com	32159	null	null
activelist@listserv.activestate.com	32160	null	null
phoenixmachining@pdq.net	32161	null	null
brewer.cynthia@enron.com	32162	null	null
david.oles@asherconsulting.com	32163	null	null
carl.stendebach@abbpge.com	32164	null	null
cecil.stinemetz@enron.com	32165	null	null
jennifer.m.erich@exxonmobil.com	32166	null	null
tcrump@ingaa.org	32167	null	null
haugh@haas.berkeley.edu	32168	null	null
jordan.marye@enron.com	32169	null	null
howardfamily@hotmail.com	32170	null	null
mike.hoffer@cinergy.com	32171	null	null
pam.becton@enron.com	32172	null	null
maria.aguilera-peon@enron.com	32173	null	null
curryrl@texaco.com	32174	null	null
bkelly@ncsc.dni.us	32175	null	null
sokmon_28@hotmail.com	32176	null	null
'.'@enron.com	32177	null	null
matt_doggett@dell.com	32178	null	null
expediafaretracker_034968@expedia.customer-email.com	32179	null	null
linda.willis@twcable.com	32180	null	null
kbtoyoffers@marketing.kbkids.com	32181	null	null
venus@match.com	32182	null	null
notes.dl-ga-all_egs@enron.com	32183	null	null
arotter@golder.com	32184	null	null
joe.dilg@enron.com	32185	null	null
1800flowers.23274437@s2u2.com	32186	null	null
intel.home.computing@intel.m0.net	32187	null	null
collins.amanda@enron.com	32188	null	null
heather.gibbs@nerc.net	32189	null	null
f12467@id.ru	32190	null	null
hannaz@plmi.com	32191	null	null
8773460452@pagenetmessage.net	32192	null	null
bceverhart@gomail.com.ua	32193	null	null
bhillman@earthlink.net	32194	null	null
txronjay@aol.com	32195	null	null
mbower@bellatlantic.net	32196	null	null
stewart'.'vic@enron.com	32197	null	null
sandra.hrna@enron.com	32198	null	null
jbannan@enron.com	32199	null	null
felipe.foy@enron.com	32200	null	null
rbeck1962@aol.com	32201	null	null
edward.barker@dti.gsi.gov.uk	32202	null	null
jfrizzell@gibbs-bruns.com	32203	null	null
fxl6zcro5k@msn.com	32204	null	null
velvet.sugarek@enron.com	32205	null	null
associates@enron.com	32206	null	null
kristin.link@powerpool.ab.ca	32207	null	null
david_paris@instinet.com	32208	null	null
flaircustomhomes@aol.com	32209	null	null
almaestrout@cs.com	32210	null	null
peggy.hedstrom@enron.com	32211	null	null
adelag@amhms.com	32212	null	null
susan.kennedy@enron.com	32213	null	null
wshutt@argentinc.com	32214	null	null
mojgan.ahad@enron.com	32215	null	null
msmillertx@hotmail.com	32216	null	null
carsten.sterz@enron.com	32217	null	null
kittycobb@hotmail.com	32218	null	null
martin.rosell@enron.com	32219	null	null
chuck.randall@enron.com	32220	null	null
maaico_maarsen@s2systems.com	32221	null	null
michael.hutchinson@enron.com	32222	null	null
mike.cowan@enron.com	32223	null	null
jc306@netzero.net	32224	null	null
rita.boiardi@enron.com	32225	null	null
mlafratta@mcguirewoods.com	32226	null	null
jason.choate@enron.com	32227	null	null
vikram.singh@enron.com	32228	null	null
john.theotonio@nerc.net	32229	null	null
jfertitta@grimesfertitta.com	32230	null	null
carrrn@bracepatt.com	32231	null	null
daniel.coleman@enron.com	32232	null	null
tonyborelli@bandm.com	32233	null	null
boris.brevnov@enron.com	32234	null	null
begermany@dow.com	32235	null	null
dpatel@hearme.com	32236	null	null
alice.johnson@enron.com	32237	null	null
morganrh@aol.com	32238	null	null
larry.decker@enron.com	32239	null	null
jfossum@westernhubs.com	32240	null	null
adam.r.bayer@vanderbilt.edu	32241	null	null
toriarules@aol.com	32242	null	null
frk4hpdvcqtvr@hotmail.com	32243	null	null
chris.m.turner@mirant.com	32244	null	null
bate.janet@enron.com	32245	null	null
bjost@huberlaw.com	32246	null	null
matthias.lee@enron.com	32247	null	null
celeste.roberts@enron.com	32248	null	null
terry.stelter@enron.com	32249	null	null
jed4@pge.com	32250	null	null
pjburger@bpa.gov	32251	null	null
gousa6179@hotmail.kg	32252	null	null
rafael.avila@enron.com	32253	null	null
james.l.bouillion@enron.com	32254	null	null
roberts_audrey@hotmail.com	32255	null	null
anoush.farhangi@enron.com	32256	null	null
jcukierman@exchange.ml.com	32257	null	null
karen_e._richardson@dom.com	32258	null	null
directtv@worldatamail.com	32259	null	null
cmartin@velaw.com	32260	null	null
joeprattuh@aol.com	32261	null	null
mkim@cm-cs.com	32262	null	null
louv@acespower.com	32263	null	null
challenger99@msn.com	32264	null	null
highdesert@energy.ca.gov	32265	null	null
ann.johnson@enron.com	32266	null	null
venkateswaran.ram@enron.com	32267	null	null
jbarry@eyeforenergy.com	32268	null	null
avid".'"zdunkewicz@enron.com	32269	null	null
pamelaa.erickson@pgnmail.com	32270	null	null
david.keating@ps.ge.com	32271	null	null
a_jimenezcrespo@mailcity.com	32272	null	null
newsgurus@mail.com	32273	null	null
fxtrader1378@yahoo.com	32274	null	null
guangyu@rice.edu	32275	null	null
winston.cheng@enron.com	32276	null	null
sean.grady@enron.com	32277	null	null
diane.ellstrom@enron.com	32278	null	null
expedia.com_008947@expedia.customer-email.com	32279	null	null
rob.baker@eal.ab.ca	32280	null	null
csmith2721@aol.com	32281	null	null
pway@wayholding.com	32282	null	null
carl.tricoli@enron.com	32283	null	null
odle@enron.com	32284	null	null
kwarner@hhsi.com	32285	null	null
dan.staines@enron.com	32286	null	null
jeffrey.oh@enron.com	32287	null	null
char@enron.com	32288	null	null
po_jack@email.msn.com	32289	null	null
william.hirschberg@db.com	32290	null	null
yammer2444@femjtbmo.yahoo.com	32291	null	null
jclambert@pplweb.com	32292	null	null
mike.horning@enron.com	32293	null	null
nreid@tycoint.com	32294	null	null
cheryl.kondo@enron.com	32295	null	null
base@mail.e-datacenterasia.com	32296	null	null
sliknight@hotmail.com	32297	null	null
kent.morrison@enron.com	32298	null	null
rkhalbert@earthlink.net	32299	null	null
porchpots@yahoogroups.com	32300	null	null
tammy.dawson@enron.com	32301	null	null
sprague.sharrone@enron.com	32302	null	null
etgs@duke-energy.com	32303	null	null
rcatell@keyspanenergy.com	32304	null	null
kenneth.lim@enron.com	32305	null	null
fsedati@sarofim.com	32306	null	null
zhiyun.yang@enron.com	32307	null	null
rappold@aol.com	32308	null	null
joe.thorpe@enron.com	32309	null	null
jeff.ishee@xemkt.com	32310	null	null
clem.daren@enron.com	32311	null	null
grout.ange@enron.com	32312	null	null
ksmalek@aep.com	32313	null	null
never2late@ever2.beontarget.com	32314	null	null
berstperkins@earthlink.net	32315	null	null
424366.167547968.1@news.forbesdigital.com	32316	null	null
hbrown@bracepatt.com	32317	null	null
chrisann.vossos@enron.com	32318	null	null
rbwharton@juno.com	32319	null	null
jstremel@apx.com	32320	null	null
nina.garcia@enron.com	32321	null	null
pcallahan2@bloomberg.net	32322	null	null
craigd9561@aol.com	32323	null	null
veboxwell@hotmail.coml	32324	null	null
godaddy@smartreminders.com	32325	null	null
mark.fritz@fritolay.com	32326	null	null
jere.overdyke@enron.com	32327	null	null
jrichter@nwlink.com	32328	null	null
r-1-735036-4208216-2-1334-us1-88937f7b@xmr3.com	32329	null	null
jfine@kilstock.com	32330	null	null
jletiman@fce.com	32331	null	null
patricia.guzman@us.pwcglobal.com	32332	null	null
wortel.arent@enron.com	32333	null	null
panton@algorithmics.com	32334	null	null
taeagan@swbell.net	32335	null	null
stephen.horn@enron.com	32336	null	null
katyn@questar.com	32337	null	null
agold@coral-energy.com	32338	null	null
ginny@travelpark.com	32339	null	null
jenfaught@hotmail.com	32340	null	null
gtbl@dynegy.com	32341	null	null
infopier@izio.com	32342	null	null
karen.huang@enron.com	32343	null	null
mcmullew@tamug.tamu.edu	32344	null	null
ali.fred@enron.com	32345	null	null
joan.lipuscek@enron.com	32346	null	null
clark_r_cheng@calpx.com	32347	null	null
wendy.fincher@enron.com	32348	null	null
mandylynb23@aol.com	32349	null	null
pcho@adcetera.com	32350	null	null
jlathrop@nyiso.com	32351	null	null
tammie.davis@enron.com	32352	null	null
harry.okabayashi@enron.com	32353	null	null
cozdogan@bracepatt.com	32354	null	null
lauren.christie@enron.com	32355	null	null
gregwhalley@yahoo.com	32356	null	null
maurice.larrea@painewebber.com	32357	null	null
expediatraveldeals_030981@expedia.customer-email.com	32358	null	null
meetings@nyiso.com	32359	null	null
lois.ford@enron.com	32360	null	null
ricky.brown@enron.com	32361	null	null
darrenwolfe@earthlink.net	32362	null	null
al.larsen@enron.com	32363	null	null
jplumley@caiso.com	32364	null	null
jdyess@houston.rr.com	32365	null	null
amdtravel@hotmail.com	32366	null	null
coldwatercreek.1621644.3384.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	32367	null	null
jmillenson@twocrows.com	32368	null	null
design.masterful.templates@mailman.enron.com	32369	null	null
louis.soldano@enron.com	32370	null	null
dlynn@mmcable.com	32371	null	null
norwalk@wt.net	32372	null	null
sh-ubsw-european-economic-research@ubsw.com	32373	null	null
monzone8@telkom.net	32374	null	null
anya.beylin@enron.com	32375	null	null
jbowers@enron.com	32376	null	null
cabbott@ceg.com	32377	null	null
aababp@pplweb.com	32378	null	null
steve.montovano@enron.com	32379	null	null
mike.fuentes@enron.com	32380	null	null
shackles@staff.abanet.org	32381	null	null
rcbutts@bcck.com	32382	null	null
listcaster@qdweb.net	32383	null	null
carlab@pacbell.net	32384	null	null
kevin.hall@enron.com	32385	null	null
joseph.toussaint@cinergy.com	32386	null	null
mike.perun@enron.com	32387	null	null
cathy.harris@enron.com	32388	null	null
rovito@enron.com	32389	null	null
bernard.dahanayake@enron.com	32390	null	null
emilio.battioli@enron.com	32391	null	null
ab167@mail.md	32392	null	null
gerald_hines@hines.com	32393	null	null
brad.romine@enron.com	32394	null	null
terrie.wheeler@enron.com	32395	null	null
adams.rg@pg.com	32396	null	null
esheridan@uh.edu	32397	null	null
jjyu@skcorp.com	32398	null	null
wpurcell@sempra-intl.com	32399	null	null
govind.pentakota@enron.com	32400	null	null
matthew.dawson@enron.com	32401	null	null
susan.holland@mercermc.com	32402	null	null
irgisson@cmcklaw.com	32403	null	null
brian.harrington@ferc.fed.us	32404	null	null
baosrrusz2h3@hotmail.com	32405	null	null
karie.hastings@enron.com	32406	null	null
laurie.franklin@state.mn.us	32407	null	null
claynewton@yahoo.com	32408	null	null
jackp@calpine.com	32409	null	null
sherry_hutcheson@eogresources.com	32410	null	null
c.b@enron.com	32411	null	null
mkass@pillsburywinthrop.com	32412	null	null
ginsburg.rebecca@enron.com	32413	null	null
laird.dyer@enron.com	32414	null	null
clee@haas.berkeley.edu	32415	null	null
prior15@home.com	32416	null	null
transcript@twst.com	32417	null	null
kevin.jones@compaq.com	32418	null	null
dmv18@columbia.edu	32419	null	null
diana.parker@enron.com	32420	null	null
ca.team@enron.com	32421	null	null
mickey.lowe@enron.com	32422	null	null
michael.farmer@enron.com	32423	null	null
sandyh715@juno.com	32424	null	null
best.red@enron.com	32425	null	null
the.desk":@enron.com	32426	null	null
levester.ross@dhs.state.tx.us	32427	null	null
kelli.walsh@weil.com	32428	null	null
masseye@arentfox.com	32429	null	null
svadas@yahoo.com	32430	null	null
kopelman.ken@enron.com	32431	null	null
aredinger@mcdinvest.com	32432	null	null
2.3890.4d-n_fmsbdgjxej.1@cda01.cdnow.com	32433	null	null
cmeakin@velaw.com	32434	null	null
kevin.brady@enron.com	32435	null	null
jrfc@pge.com	32436	null	null
lillian.villarreal.enronxgate@enron.com	32437	null	null
pamela.daily@enron.com	32438	null	null
djtheroux@independent.org	32439	null	null
alicia.blanco@enron.com	32440	null	null
dolores.fisher@enron.com	32441	null	null
hbaum73@hotmail.com	32442	null	null
chris.russo@dynegy.com	32443	null	null
albert.luc@enron.com	32444	null	null
vickie.gross@newpower.com	32445	null	null
coldwatercreek.1355120.3293.0@thecreek.coldwatercreek.com	32446	null	null
rommel.aganon@enron.com	32447	null	null
rkosecki@mieco.com	32448	null	null
johnny_wow@yahoo.com	32449	null	null
miguel.maltes@enron.com	32450	null	null
ayg2jtsznys1q@hotmail.com	32451	null	null
golftraining@usanetaccess.net	32452	null	null
annat.jain@enron.com	32453	null	null
bob.escalante@powersrc.com	32454	null	null
allibaba7@hotmail.com	32455	null	null
djn_futures@lists.dowjonesnewswires.com	32456	null	null
greenwald.bart@enron.com	32457	null	null
tracy.harrison@enron.com	32458	null	null
jallen@schlotzskys.com	32459	null	null
marines@stanford.edu	32460	null	null
uecker@rice.edu	32461	null	null
kajacobs@fs.fed.us	32462	null	null
petermcrabtree@yahoo.com	32463	null	null
ejoin_news@opt37.edirectnetwork.net	32464	null	null
editorconsensus@aol.com	32465	null	null
tony.marquez@enron.com	32466	null	null
ethink.team@enron.com	32467	null	null
pat.o'donnell@enron.com	32468	null	null
hilda.bourgeois-galloway@enron.com	32469	null	null
dkwylie@ilstu.edu	32470	null	null
jebong.lee@enron.com	32471	null	null
mradich@shearman.com	32472	null	null
howell.stacy@enron.com	32473	null	null
ipc_oil@msn.com	32474	null	null
erik.deadwyler@enron.com	32475	null	null
rhenk@barbnet.com	32476	null	null
pamw@canion.com	32477	null	null
timothy.murphy@enron.com	32478	null	null
steven.saye@coastalcorp.com	32479	null	null
steven.saye@elpaso.com	32479	null	null
jason.moore@enron.com	32480	null	null
rstephe@sun.science.wayne.edu	32481	null	null
kareng@accessrelocation.com	32482	null	null
chris.jeska@enron.com	32483	null	null
ana.rizvi@enron.com	32484	null	null
bella@enron.com	32485	null	null
isranir@rice.edu	32486	null	null
lpsea@earthlink.net	32487	null	null
sheila.hester@enron.com	32488	null	null
tamabile@hbs.edu	32489	null	null
susie.orsak@enron.com	32490	null	null
lderrett@enron.com	32491	null	null
pederleifkjeseth@hotmail.com	32492	null	null
debra.kimmel@ssmb.com	32493	null	null
mothman@tidalwave.net	32494	null	null
taana5@usa.net	32495	null	null
christopher.clark@enron.com	32496	null	null
a..bowen@enron.com	32497	null	null
paul.leanza@enron.com	32498	null	null
matthew9@arabia.com	32499	null	null
cliftonh@summitia.com	32500	null	null
cpjohnson@brobeck.com	32501	null	null
lee'.'allbritton@enron.com	32502	null	null
joec@castlebranch.com	32503	null	null
jay.wills@enron.com	32504	null	null
bdenney@momentumsoftware.com	32505	null	null
bdenney@hyperformix.com	32505	null	null
glynda.becker@mail.house.gov	32506	null	null
kristina.wun@kmv.com	32507	null	null
andreasea@yahoo.com	32508	null	null
tgeacco@enron.com	32509	null	null
taggart.jared@enron.com	32510	null	null
r-9-56294-3320671-2-4550-us2-3e75d003@xmr3.com	32511	null	null
kmccutcheon@american-omni.com	32512	null	null
eric.schneider@enron.com	32513	null	null
jamie.mabilat@indosuez.co.uk	32514	null	null
bdmitts@aol.com	32515	null	null
garrett.tripp@enron.com	32516	null	null
tiffany_vs@opt34.naviantnetwork.net	32517	null	null
costconews@mail.costco.com	32518	null	null
ptrintis@cs.com	32519	null	null
savont@email.msn.com	32520	null	null
ftve9u@msn.com	32521	null	null
gverklern@zilkha.com	32522	null	null
hodgess@uhddx01.dt.uh.edu	32523	null	null
thomas.reichelderfer@enron.com	32524	null	null
lim.goh@enron.com	32525	null	null
connie.lee@enron.com	32526	null	null
hoguta@msn.com	32527	null	null
aszabo@stonebond.com	32528	null	null
6.1142.63-9fars3x4svcq.1@mail3.travelocity.com	32529	null	null
jeanie726@hotmail.com	32530	null	null
tricia.donnelly@enron.com	32531	null	null
devon.williams@enron.com	32532	null	null
tanderson91@aol.com	32533	null	null
al.garcia@enron.com	32534	null	null
l..carter@enron.com	32535	null	null
david_trice@westsidelexus.com	32536	null	null
rviola@edisonmission.com	32537	null	null
laurie.clarkson@cabotog.com	32538	null	null
beverley.nelson@enron.com	32539	null	null
jbrown1@enron.com	32540	null	null
mmanly@newpower.com	32541	null	null
belveal@haas.berkeley.edu	32542	null	null
dyomogida@hesinet.com	32543	null	null
matthew_cinadr@dps.state.ny.us	32544	null	null
flimflam@ipof.fla.net	32545	null	null
arevalo@enron.com	32546	null	null
joseph.f.reid@accenture.com	32547	null	null
harcourt@foundrynet.com	32548	null	null
f_stern@hotmail.com	32549	null	null
sharon.lay@travelpark.com	32550	null	null
sheryl.atkins@wellsfargo.com	32551	null	null
laura.team@enron.com	32552	null	null
robert.cothran@enron.com	32553	null	null
garry.henderson@home.com	32554	null	null
wiz.ixgate.ss4@wiz.ixgate	32555	null	null
dan.masters@enron.com	32556	null	null
jlbstone@sbcglobal.net	32557	null	null
danielahorth@aec.ca	32558	null	null
samon_corinne@jporgan.com	32559	null	null
samon_corinne@jpmorgan.com	32559	null	null
sputhigai@yahoo.com	32560	null	null
jpratico@nyiso.com	32561	null	null
daniel.patalano@srz.com	32562	null	null
proactivenews@listserver.proactivenet.com	32563	null	null
tbutler@novocorp.com	32564	null	null
tonya.dennis@enron.com	32565	null	null
martha_amram@sdg.com	32566	null	null
patricia.bloom@enron.com	32567	null	null
sknkaholic@aol.com	32568	null	null
fbailey@serc1.org	32569	null	null
neva@enron.com	32570	null	null
rita.houser@enron.com	32571	null	null
mzuwi@kali.com.cn	32572	null	null
strawn.scott@enron.com	32573	null	null
cthomps@pnm.com	32574	null	null
dai.nguyen@cmenergy.com	32575	null	null
team.mountainair@enron.com	32576	null	null
mcartier@caiso.com	32577	null	null
elaine.bannerman-sowah@enron.com	32578	null	null
pea.branan@mindspring.com	32579	null	null
sbwoil@aol.com	32580	null	null
jodi.dziadek@enron.com	32581	null	null
keith.dodson@enron.com	32582	null	null
2kylb8@msn.com	32583	null	null
liz.fricke@neg.pge.com	32584	null	null
james_sikes@cfr.org	32585	null	null
copy_any_dvd_movie@hotmail.com	32586	null	null
tholtermann@hotmail.com	32587	null	null
vkholod1@txu.com	32588	null	null
wtpfluge@juno.com	32589	null	null
bcsnare@yahoo.com	32590	null	null
xafira.mendonsa@enron.com	32591	null	null
jhammer@alleghenyenergy.com	32592	null	null
jweitek@enron.com	32593	null	null
brian.schaffer@enron.com	32594	null	null
sistruss.shawn@enron.com	32595	null	null
jack.wise@enron.com	32596	null	null
guss868@mail.ru	32597	null	null
yapitel3105@yahoo.com	32598	null	null
vkkml@jerusalen.com	32599	null	null
f.cd@enron.com	32600	null	null
caroline.lothian@enron.com	32601	null	null
distribution.dl-ets@enron.com	32602	null	null
angela_speight@baylor.edu	32603	null	null
tracy.greene@enron.com	32604	null	null
airmail@xmr3.com	32605	null	null
encarta_033422@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	32606	null	null
gascontrol@aglresources.com	32607	null	null
greatex@371.net	32608	null	null
klaus_schwab@weforum.org	32609	null	null
bguilba@aol.com	32610	null	null
g.h.b.verberg@gasunie.nl	32611	null	null
b.todes@worldnet.att.net	32612	null	null
robin.communications@enron.com	32613	null	null
mg1cd65@cyberguys.dk	32614	null	null
toqgl@atlas.cz	32615	null	null
vstone@lcra.org	32616	null	null
james_pelland@dell.com	32617	null	null
jim.brysch@enron.com	32618	null	null
christopher.law@ps.ge.com	32619	null	null
global.admin@enron.com	32620	null	null
jacqueline.prentice@enron.com	32621	null	null
jonathan.marsh@linklaters.com	32622	null	null
jonathan.marsh@enron.com	32622	null	null
rwharton@bellhelicopter.textron.com	32623	null	null
clickathome.mailout@enron.com	32624	null	null
ccone@tricresources.com	32625	null	null
wayne.perry@enron.com	32626	null	null
david.k.bargainer@enron.com	32627	null	null
dd-rubin@swbell.net	32628	null	null
michelle.veloso@ferc.fed.us	32629	null	null
subha.vuthoori@enron.com	32630	null	null
mattb@revx.com	32631	null	null
renee.carter@enron.com	32632	null	null
shelliott@dttus.com	32633	null	null
rew.brian@enron.com	32634	null	null
grs4ferc@starpower.net	32635	null	null
sambuca@sambucajazzcafe.com	32636	null	null
octavio.carranza@enron.com	32637	null	null
rick.hopkinson@enron.com	32638	null	null
vern.vallejo@enron.com	32639	null	null
kmcop@cs.com	32640	null	null
gas.desk@enron.com	32641	null	null
doris.a.abernathy@ucm.com	32642	null	null
goodmand@kochind.com	32643	null	null
craig.brooks@compassbnk.com	32644	null	null
mike.sheedy@enron.com	32645	null	null
conwayfp@navair.navy.mil	32646	null	null
tracym@calltsc.com	32647	null	null
joe.kishkill@enron.com	32648	null	null
cindy.horn@enron.com	32649	null	null
promail@realmoney.com	32650	null	null
priya.jaisinghani@enron.com	32651	null	null
segold@hotmail.com	32652	null	null
greenwoodj@greenwoodking.com	32653	null	null
makfots@aol.com	32654	null	null
little.jennifer@enron.com	32655	null	null
konstantin.malinovski@enron.com	32656	null	null
ricky.waddell@enron.com	32657	null	null
marsha.eurek@enron.com	32658	null	null
bonora.susan@enron.com	32659	null	null
rishad@rice.edu	32660	null	null
traci.rainbow@enron.com	32661	null	null
sanjay.hemani@enron.com	32662	null	null
paul.bachman@gs.com	32663	null	null
jgiannetti@iso-ne.com	32664	null	null
judy.gray@enron.com	32665	null	null
encarta_031250@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	32666	null	null
martin.katz@enron.com	32667	null	null
lynne.carithers@reuters.com	32668	null	null
houston_members@ypo.org	32669	null	null
eric.mason@enron.com	32670	null	null
oasis_information@lists.midwestiso.org	32671	null	null
goodding.charles@enron.com	32672	null	null
antiknewyork@aol.com	32673	null	null
john.salinardo@enron.com	32674	null	null
carole.rogers@enron.com	32675	null	null
carl.livermore@enron.com	32676	null	null
brooksany.barrowes@bakerbotts.com	32677	null	null
lums@epenergy.com	32678	null	null
james.f.reilly@ssmb.com	32679	null	null
ryan.sheeren@enron.com	32680	null	null
bmg_support@adm.chtah.com	32681	null	null
pawiatrek@cps-satx.com	32682	null	null
kentdorland@yahoo.com	32683	null	null
angie.karna@enron.com	32684	null	null
rfranksen@lwsupply.com	32685	null	null
rfranksen@usg.com	32685	null	null
andreassen@enron.com	32686	null	null
thearrrow@ngh-tr.anglox.nhs.uk	32687	null	null
desleigh.langfield@enron.com	32688	null	null
jbannett@gmsnr.com	32689	null	null
carol.890-8862@enron.com	32690	null	null
owner-newsletter@lists.houstonpress.com	32691	null	null
annamgoldberg@hotmail.com	32692	null	null
eric.hughson@colorado.edu	32693	null	null
yamis@usa.net	32694	null	null
w.@enron.com	32695	null	null
ssinclair@simsfurniture.com	32696	null	null
6202354@skytel.com	32697	null	null
msnhomeadvisor_033970@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	32698	null	null
gruden.andrej@enron.com	32699	null	null
kleinr@conedenergy.com	32700	null	null
dleduca714@yahoo.com	32701	null	null
lsteve@bci.it	32702	null	null
kellie.bilski@enron.com	32703	null	null
mark.schlueter@enron.com	32704	null	null
weeklecd@enron.com	32705	null	null
technology_html.um.a.1.3991@lists.smartmoney.com	32706	null	null
shauncy.mathews@enron.com	32707	null	null
cenatempo@enron.com	32708	null	null
bobby.mahendra@enron.com	32709	null	null
rrsk@rice.edu	32710	null	null
mhoran@shb.com	32711	null	null
richard.lassander@enron.com	32712	null	null
kathy_tefft@johncooper.org	32713	null	null
dougspeers@ivey.uwo.ca	32714	null	null
cmiya@163.net	32715	null	null
asfa@chevron.com	32716	null	null
dpkdd@aol.com	32717	null	null
marie.smith@enron.com	32718	null	null
asme_pvrc@list.asme.org	32719	null	null
chiefphotoofficer@ofoto.com	32720	null	null
hakeem.ogunbunmi@enron.com	32721	null	null
edmiller@cotas.com.bol	32722	null	null
ewhite4057@aol.com	32723	null	null
fom.direct@enron.com	32724	null	null
clifford.bourgeois@enron.com	32725	null	null
mainesa@natfuel.com	32726	null	null
angeline.poon@enron.com	32727	null	null
gillassa@fairfield.k12.ia.us	32728	null	null
mckenna@enron.com	32729	null	null
chris.cooper@elpaso.com	32730	null	null
tbockhorst@welchs.com	32731	null	null
michael.pitt@enron.com	32732	null	null
book-news@amazon.com	32733	null	null
silvana.digiacomo@tres.bnc.ca	32734	null	null
facundo.caminos@enron.com	32735	null	null
john.dudmesh@enron.com	32736	null	null
lakin@ect.enron.com	32737	null	null
agarner@reliant.com	32738	null	null
bernie.robinson@enron.com	32739	null	null
alex3325@yahoo.com	32740	null	null
virgadamo.chris@enron.com	32741	null	null
karen.haist@rbcds.com	32742	null	null
suzanne.calcagno@enron.com	32743	null	null
loans@teamfreeze.com	32744	null	null
loans@iown.com	32744	null	null
andrew_gardner@westlb.co.uk	32745	null	null
wrg_mail@worldrg.com	32746	null	null
djhill@skadden.com	32747	null	null
advisories.corporate@enron.com	32748	null	null
cvirgg@aol.com	32749	null	null
lbnewsome@mail.esc4.com	32750	null	null
julio.guzman@enron.com	32751	null	null
kevin.jolly@enron.com	32752	null	null
erin.hall@enron.com	32753	null	null
erik.serio@enron.com	32754	null	null
beverict@kochind.com	32755	null	null
uht456fd@yahoo.com	32756	null	null
onje4t11hy@msn.com	32757	null	null
ksammons@susmangodfrey.com	32758	null	null
tgrabia@alleghenypower.com	32759	null	null
janamarie16@aol.com	32760	null	null
jacquelin@mailman.enron.com	32761	null	null
swaner.pasquale@enron.com	32762	null	null
vkerridge@riskwaters.com	32763	null	null
n6n2ybdqn@msn.com	32764	null	null
deborah.defforge@enron.com	32765	null	null
charliecoyote@compuserve.com	32766	null	null
christine.shenkman@enron.com	32767	null	null
hardie.davis@enron.com	32768	null	null
dsciullo@bw-legal.com	32769	null	null
csandhe@enron.com	32770	null	null
markets.dl-enron@enron.com	32771	null	null
406488.91948206.2@1.americanexpress.com	32772	null	null
dgdhouston@aol.com	32773	null	null
maureen.ryan@chase.com	32774	null	null
tcwc@internetni.com	32775	null	null
maryellen.hall@enron.com	32776	null	null
bgabrielson@cdnam.com	32777	null	null
rick.bays@enron.com	32778	null	null
judey.napoli@enron.com	32779	null	null
sherry.forbish@enron.com	32780	null	null
john.costas@ubsw.com	32781	null	null
fairair@fairair.com	32782	null	null
petersjeffry@yahoo.com	32783	null	null
outbidnotice@ebay.com	32784	null	null
specialgstorakle@aol.com	32785	null	null
3011@usa.net	32786	null	null
chipnpr@aol.com	32787	null	null
martin.deb@enron.com	32788	null	null
aahill@kmpg.com	32789	null	null
dpriord@attglobal.net	32790	null	null
henrietta@energy.ca.gov	32791	null	null
calxa@aol.com	32792	null	null
hollis.kimbrough@enron.com	32793	null	null
mitchell.dolly@enron.com	32794	null	null
405953.61855799.2@1.americanexpress.com	32795	null	null
watersk@gtlaw.com	32796	null	null
philip.franz@enron.com	32797	null	null
nfoley@enron.com	32798	null	null
ssurasky@yahoo.com	32799	null	null
aidan.mcnulty@riskmetrics.com	32800	null	null
mark.stach@mirant.com	32801	null	null
pjosephson@mcgreevey2001.org	32802	null	null
mao_mora@yahoo.com	32803	null	null
leigh-preston-whyte@barclayscapital.com	32804	null	null
mobarek@enron.com	32805	null	null
marc.sznajderman@nbci.com	32806	null	null
hanken.garrett@enron.com	32807	null	null
danny.delany@theaustin.com	32808	null	null
jcarter@susmangodfrey.com	32809	null	null
jeff_l._jones@dom.com	32810	null	null
kevin.gaunt@kornferry.com	32811	null	null
dawn.armfield@enron.com	32812	null	null
tim_wells@transcanada.com	32813	null	null
jhwagn@yahoo.com	32814	null	null
grichar@smud.org	32815	null	null
smitter@smitter.com	32816	null	null
abreco@ix.netcom.com	32817	null	null
taylor.terry@corp.sysco.com	32818	null	null
timothy15447sfd@hotpop.com	32819	null	null
abc226@nyu.edu	32820	null	null
r-0-56294-3320671-2-4606-us2-9daa230c@xmr3.com	32821	null	null
jay.vandenberg@enron.com	32822	null	null
derek.flaman@enron.com	32823	null	null
j9aqqi2@msn.com	32824	null	null
savitabi@llgm.com	32825	null	null
stephanie.segura@enron.com	32826	null	null
rossrae@vcn.com	32827	null	null
chandra_shah@nrel.gov	32828	null	null
wilson'.'reid@enron.com	32829	null	null
kikumi.kishigami@enron.com	32830	null	null
zptgmvaf36@msn.com	32831	null	null
jhefti1528@aol.com	32832	null	null
ruth.meyer@enron.com	32833	null	null
jimwood_mail@yahoo.com	32834	null	null
asnyirenda@zesco.co.zm	32835	null	null
robertson.bill@enron.com	32836	null	null
ichen@haas.berkeley.edu	32837	null	null
joeadams@up.com	32838	null	null
eugenegarver_marangoni@yahoo.com	32839	null	null
petruchio139@aacz.ch	32840	null	null
rlukken@enron.com	32841	null	null
jason.mcmahon@enron.com	32842	null	null
jennifer.walker@enron.com	32843	null	null
langharn@maail.strose.edu	32844	null	null
mphan@rbi-reports.com	32845	null	null
kdavidson@onsitesycom.com	32846	null	null
ronniem@morgangroup.com	32847	null	null
bnelson@situscos.com	32848	null	null
oenxx@email.cz	32849	null	null
rhaysle@enron.com	32850	null	null
bonniem@mymailstation.com	32851	null	null
marc.andraca@enron.com	32852	null	null
p..hewitt@enron.com	32853	null	null
joe.nett@enron.com	32854	null	null
bdesmarais@sisystemsinc.com	32855	null	null
amanda.huble@enron.com	32856	null	null
kevin.collins@db.com	32857	null	null
mundy.dennis@enron.com	32858	null	null
amber.keenan@enron.com	32859	null	null
allan.sommer@enron.com	32860	null	null
j..hosea@enron.com	32861	null	null
kenneth.seaman@enron.com	32862	null	null
andreia.almeida@enron.com	32863	null	null
carolyn.centilli@enron.com	32864	null	null
kmarchand@mfah.org	32865	null	null
lisa.berg@enron.com	32866	null	null
david.marye@enron.com	32867	null	null
hayesm@ops.org	32868	null	null
ball.aipe@worldnet.att.net	32869	null	null
martin.kovacs@travelpark.com	32870	null	null
kmsolutions@apqc.org	32871	null	null
szisman@ect.enron.com	32872	null	null
john.jr@enron.com	32873	null	null
tblack@igc.org	32874	null	null
kevin.jackson@enron.com	32875	null	null
jeff.arnold@enron.com	32876	null	null
lpowers@techforall.org	32877	null	null
chip.goodrich@db.com	32878	null	null
greinerm@sec.gov	32879	null	null
ascignano@enron.com	32880	null	null
thoge@mhent.com	32881	null	null
imelda.trevino@enron.com	32882	null	null
wenderachels@aol.com	32883	null	null
david.kistler@enron.com	32884	null	null
eberlin@swidlaw.com	32885	null	null
2.3448.dc-at2j1ayjt5ml.1@cda01.cdnow.com	32886	null	null
bharsh@puget.com	32887	null	null
camilla_mursch@afcc.com	32888	null	null
d'amadeo@enron.com	32889	null	null
meyer.anita@enron.com	32890	null	null
ellie.francisco@halliburton.com	32891	null	null
daphneco@earthlink.net	32892	null	null
david.oconnor@ubsw.com	32893	null	null
adriane.moratto@enron.com	32894	null	null
baloutch@direct.ca	32895	null	null
barney.calame@wsj.com	32896	null	null
edwardc38@hotmail.com	32897	null	null
sylvia.thomas@enron.com	32898	null	null
roy.lipsett@enron.com	32899	null	null
michael.j.urtso@accenture.com	32900	null	null
oklahoma@sportscomm.net	32901	null	null
strigg@jump.net	32902	null	null
tcwxtguk@selloffvacations.com	32903	null	null
midcoast@gte.net	32904	null	null
george.hopley@enron.com	32905	null	null
jagtar.tatla@powerpool.ab.ca	32906	null	null
khenry@bdo.com	32907	null	null
lucy.king@enron.com	32908	null	null
danielle_b_trettin@reliantenergy.com	32909	null	null
tclinc@qwest.net	32910	null	null
pshortley@iso-ne.com	32911	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.3852@lists.smartmoney.com	32912	null	null
venturewire-events@venturewire.com	32913	null	null
scott.becken@enron.com	32914	null	null
rcww20011119@ombramarketing.com	32915	null	null
blake.swanson@enron.com	32916	null	null
jacksoncw10@yahoo.com	32917	null	null
mike.indivero@nepco.com	32918	null	null
danny.clark@enron.com	32919	null	null
droodberg@intellibridge.com	32920	null	null
marsha_j_b@yahoo.com	32921	null	null
bryan.aubuchon@enron.com	32922	null	null
hwr6@msn.com	32923	null	null
jeff.witkowski@enron.com	32924	null	null
vicki.bone@enron.com	32925	null	null
darce'.'becky@enron.com	32926	null	null
sarah.wooddy@enron.com	32927	null	null
sduckers@velaw.com	32928	null	null
gus.barnaby@enron.com	32929	null	null
877.341.7930@skytel.com	32930	null	null
energydc@skadden.com	32931	null	null
c..knightstep@enron.com	32932	null	null
jsuwara@sempra.com	32933	null	null
amarks@littler.com	32934	null	null
todd.w.taylor@bakernet.com	32935	null	null
mawalla@earthlink.com	32936	null	null
jphillips@pcenergy.com	32937	null	null
chadm@nepco.com	32938	null	null
joan.steinberg@msdw.com	32939	null	null
pat.anderson@southernunionco.com	32940	null	null
sues@adaytum.com	32941	null	null
jim.wallace@enron.com	32942	null	null
bnahrstadt@adaytum.com	32943	null	null
dingshan.zhou@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	32944	null	null
ealvittor@yahoo.com	32945	null	null
insynconline.6-ywlr26.d@insync-palm.com	32946	null	null
cateambrose@economist.com	32947	null	null
isoschdlrsall@caiso.com	32948	null	null
bridget.williams@enron.com	32949	null	null
nostrauno@aol.com	32950	null	null
mwilczek@nyiso.com	32951	null	null
kkw816@aol.com	32952	null	null
r116@car-audio-discount.com	32953	null	null
awenda2000@cs.com	32954	null	null
sf.office@enron.com	32955	null	null
kmatlock@enter.net	32956	null	null
ghargan@water.ca.gov	32957	null	null
catharina.clabots@enron.com	32958	null	null
mark.paul@rssmb.com	32959	null	null
dean.laurent@enron.com	32960	null	null
jacka@questar.com	32961	null	null
mbellido@southerngas.org	32962	null	null
dottyhop@napanet.net	32963	null	null
camps@kidventurecamp.com	32964	null	null
gravellle@napanet.net	32965	null	null
bgkeithley@jonesday.com	32966	null	null
greg_priest@smartforce.com	32967	null	null
tsiguaw@markethubs.com	32968	null	null
frank.p.lacey@us.arthurandersen.com	32969	null	null
sbarnhill26@hotmail.com	32970	null	null
ayw@georgetown.edu	32971	null	null
bryno@summit-resources.com	32972	null	null
dmicklew@dmbb.com	32973	null	null
suzanne.ingram@enron.com	32974	null	null
action-dvd-editor@amazon.com	32975	null	null
carol2d@aol.com	32976	null	null
linda.zhou@enron.com	32977	null	null
swl@winelibrary.com	32978	null	null
rick.outlook@enron.com	32979	null	null
jeffrey.cochran@enron.com	32980	null	null
marvin.newell@zilliant.com	32981	null	null
veronica-dare@usa.net	32982	null	null
kwebb1@houston.rr.com	32983	null	null
gegan@leasesquarefeet.com	32984	null	null
hblunk@txucom.net	32985	null	null
angela.sayegh@enron.com	32986	null	null
karen.cutler@enron.com	32987	null	null
jpkeavey@yahoo.com	32988	null	null
charles.howard@enron.com	32989	null	null
rbergeman@usa.net	32990	null	null
msharif@columbiaenergygroup.com	32991	null	null
daddydavidson@aol.com	32992	null	null
ajenkins-lara@reliant.com	32993	null	null
grullon@rice.edu	32994	null	null
jmccormack@sternstewart.com	32995	null	null
networkcommerce-tdtl20011226@ombramarketing.com	32996	null	null
tara.piazze@enron.com	32997	null	null
thomsonfinancial_news.um.a.2533.304@thomsonfinancial.unitymail.net	32998	null	null
erwindaes4534@dxcern.cern.ch	32999	null	null
kevin.burns@oatiinc.com	33000	null	null
klinkner@enron.com	33001	null	null
alishec@aol.com	33002	null	null
john.stinebaugh@csfb.com	33003	null	null
rreilley@coral-energy.com	33004	null	null
bensturmer@enron.com	33005	null	null
song.gao@enron.com	33006	null	null
jmuse@rushford.org	33007	null	null
expediatraveldeals_034036@expedia.customer-email.com	33008	null	null
kelley.gale@lw.com	33009	null	null
celestine.hollan@enron.com	33010	null	null
ltippery@houston.rr.com	33011	null	null
bob.schultz@enron.com	33012	null	null
mnewsletter@mtlnh.com	33013	null	null
everyone_in_ect_toronto@enron.com	33014	null	null
beth.hullinger@conectiv.com	33015	null	null
chris.lackey@enron.com	33016	null	null
g..martinez@enron.com	33017	null	null
fred.rimington@enron.com	33018	null	null
jpw@duncanallen.com	33019	null	null
hnht33z74v8op@hotmail.com	33020	null	null
acrysdale.mba2000@ivey.ca	33021	null	null
edward.de.valcourt@enron.com	33022	null	null
aniklo@etoast.com	33023	null	null
scottie.j.wahlstrom@williams.com	33024	null	null
brian.manolis@americas.bnpparibas.com	33025	null	null
bromberg@cgalaska.uscg.mil	33026	null	null
marty.cates@enron.com	33027	null	null
mike.lewis@enron.com	33028	null	null
linda.rader@jacobsconsultancy.com	33029	null	null
john.g.larrea@williams.com	33030	null	null
bobmankoff@cartoonbank.com	33031	null	null
lucy.ortiz@enron.com	33032	null	null
john.berger@enron.com	33033	null	null
kabarrie@hotmail.com	33034	null	null
j3allen@ev1.net	33035	null	null
lhoff@owenhealth.com	33036	null	null
debt-help@underwriters.com	33037	null	null
jbreakf@entergy.com	33038	null	null
jamiestoner@hotmail.com	33039	null	null
kcairns@ayco.com	33040	null	null
russellt@cottonrestorationinc.com	33041	null	null
sales.ue.e11963.m18456351@ixs1.net	33042	null	null
collette.renee@enron.com	33043	null	null
donald.sullivan@enron.com	33044	null	null
brian.veazey@enron.com	33045	null	null
deborah.long@enron.com	33046	null	null
shaw.john@enron.com	33047	null	null
stuart.cichosz@enron.com	33048	null	null
angela.nieves@enron.com	33049	null	null
kjone19@home.com	33050	null	null
planet07@swbell.net	33051	null	null
donald.angeletti@enron.com	33052	null	null
genia.fitzgerald@enron.com	33053	null	null
gbsmith@smith-graham.com	33054	null	null
jsemenza@nymex.com	33055	null	null
paul.kraske@enron.com	33056	null	null
dheintz@rcgroup.com	33057	null	null
kberman@business-literacy.com	33058	null	null
brian_hoogendam@computerhorizons.com	33059	null	null
peggy.alix@enron.com	33060	null	null
f214@wiz.ixgate	33061	null	null
sbeac@opic.gov	33062	null	null
milkeninstitute@milkeninstitute.org	33063	null	null
timothy_fallon@email.msn.com	33064	null	null
expediafaretracker_034646@expedia.customer-email.com	33065	null	null
mark.walker@enron.com	33066	null	null
cynthia.biggs@travelpark.com	33067	null	null
aopa_epilot@aopa.org	33068	null	null
22tomczyk@enron.com	33069	null	null
weekly.report@enron.com	33070	null	null
urszula@pacbell.net	33071	null	null
jlmarques@aol.com	33072	null	null
aejsr1@aol.com	33073	null	null
cabascal@houstonisd.org	33074	null	null
julie.ferrara@enron.com	33075	null	null
crumpet@indy.net	33076	null	null
tnoble@officedepot.com	33077	null	null
legal.dl-lon@enron.com	33078	null	null
tammy.botsford@morganstanley.com	33079	null	null
hschiff@carrfut.com	33080	null	null
tom.glassanos@xign.com	33081	null	null
andrea.lang@dynegy.com	33082	null	null
rpacheco@westerngas.com	33083	null	null
painter@enron.com	33084	null	null
tsschuler@pplweb.com	33085	null	null
spendegr@enron.com	33086	null	null
alexizann@hotmail.com	33087	null	null
government.guests@enron.com	33088	null	null
clavis@bellsouth.net	33089	null	null
mfarina@resdata.com	33090	null	null
jameyer@airmail.net	33091	null	null
undergrd@haas.berkeley.edu	33092	null	null
david.stadnick@enron.com	33093	null	null
dhicks4@csc.com	33094	null	null
fergus.gary@enron.com	33095	null	null
tackleshop1@eangler.com	33096	null	null
eua@coair.com	33097	null	null
swhittak@wiley.co.uk	33098	null	null
jn@predict.com	33099	null	null
pop_rock@mp3.com	33100	null	null
stacy.runswick@enron.com	33101	null	null
robyn.g.herskowitz@intel.com	33102	null	null
dbobbish@velaw.com	33103	null	null
cayennespicegirl@hotmail.com	33104	null	null
rhonda.robinson@enron.com	33105	null	null
drone.jennifer@enron.com	33106	null	null
enron.assistants@enron.com	33107	null	null
d.verduzco@worldnet.att.net	33108	null	null
kirk.t.morgan@williams.com	33109	null	null
vaughn.mike@enron.com	33110	null	null
john.disturnal@enron.com	33111	null	null
sharris2@enron.com	33112	null	null
adnan.patel@enron.com	33113	null	null
expediafaretracker_031595@expedia.customer-email.com	33114	null	null
karen.corrigan@reuters.com	33115	null	null
myousry1@san.rr.com	33116	null	null
cokinos.alexandra@enron.com	33117	null	null
janelle.daniel@travelpark.com	33118	null	null
cameron.jeffreys@csfb.com	33119	null	null
victoria_a_tribble@dom.com	33120	null	null
fm@monthlydrawing.roi1.net	33121	null	null
thomas.rumsey@ps.ge.com	33122	null	null
colson@enron.com	33123	null	null
discoverinteractive@discoverfinancial.com	33124	null	null
cchamb@quad1.com	33125	null	null
erica.beltran@enron.com	33126	null	null
bboudrea@midsouth.rr.com	33127	null	null
stock.alert2@crmems.com	33128	null	null
trevor.woods@enron.com	33129	null	null
vjwindsor@hotmail.com	33130	null	null
linsider.jed@enron.com	33131	null	null
nene77057@yahoo.com	33132	null	null
ftsco@yahoo.com	33133	null	null
cyxna@inet.com.ua	33134	null	null
robert.smith@enron.com	33135	null	null
tammy.drew@enron.com	33136	null	null
gary.allen.-.safety.specialist@enron.com	33137	null	null
scubapoo@aol.com	33138	null	null
milepass_010301@airmail.continental.com	33139	null	null
alawrence@longitude.com	33140	null	null
dvbmb@mbox.isp.it	33141	null	null
arcadiabhg@aol.com	33142	null	null
mike_dickinson@fpl.com	33143	null	null
jeff.schlect@avistacorp.com	33144	null	null
samira.ravagnani@enron.com	33145	null	null
lora.ellis@enron.com	33146	null	null
uvbhwlryye@safemailtoyou.com	33147	null	null
ronr@hba.org	33148	null	null
lynnek@rppi.org	33149	null	null
2.3477.f3-ehre1yhyqsbx.1@cda01.cdnow.com	33150	null	null
rgrillo@anz.com	33151	null	null
tad.gardere@dextercompany.com	33152	null	null
akorth96@yahoo.com	33153	null	null
kevin_rollins@dell.com	33154	null	null
andrew.champion@enron.com	33155	null	null
jk@jhavergroup.com	33156	null	null
jwinstonk@yahoo.com	33157	null	null
tcarey@crc-evans.com	33158	null	null
odisea1982@hotmail.com	33159	null	null
jon.lind@eds.com	33160	null	null
juliegomez@palm.net	33161	null	null
cannizzaro.patrick@enron.com	33162	null	null
thomas.king@neg.pge.com	33163	null	null
cpsco2000@aol.com	33164	null	null
gordon.joseph@enron.com	33165	null	null
crc@island.com	33166	null	null
twilly20@yahoo.com	33167	null	null
lloyd.jobe@enron.com	33168	null	null
nkhong@ikon.com	33169	null	null
sschindler@schlaw.com	33170	null	null
donald.reinhardt@enron.com	33171	null	null
ckosuda@yahoo.com	33172	null	null
masrkskilling@hotmail.com	33173	null	null
angela.smith@enron.com	33174	null	null
rajesh.sivaraman@enron.com	33175	null	null
leo.cardoso@enron.com	33176	null	null
rsteven@enron.com	33177	null	null
mrlevin@student.umass.edu	33178	null	null
cpoor@saylid.com	33179	null	null
1rop@msn.com	33180	null	null
mark.1.schrab@enron.com	33181	null	null
wrtg@calpine.com	33182	null	null
goldsquare2000@yahoo.com	33183	null	null
webserver@insiderscores.com	33184	null	null
angusmcka@aol.com	33185	null	null
f12274@ok.ru	33186	null	null
jverni4399@aol.com	33187	null	null
rbweis@dnai.com	33188	null	null
dkang@enron.com	33189	null	null
olgak@ev1.net	33190	null	null
josabank.um.a.12.544@vremail.com	33191	null	null
rodneyh@mhent.com	33192	null	null
renee.ingram@enron.com	33193	null	null
sreyno@state.wy.us	33194	null	null
jennifer.mangini@ourclub.com	33195	null	null
sfirooz@sdge.com	33196	null	null
amigaman@accessin.com.au	33197	null	null
jeannine.huda@enron.com	33198	null	null
kelly.communications@enron.com	33199	null	null
chris.edmonds@truequote.com	33200	null	null
matt.goering@enron.com	33201	null	null
mwichterich@mariner-energy.com	33202	null	null
cratmiami@aol.com	33203	null	null
jerry_ball@eogresources.com	33204	null	null
katherine_lucey@tdbank-us.tdsecurities.com	33205	null	null
kabrandt@earthlink.net	33206	null	null
espnnews_sp13@espn.go.com	33207	null	null
jordan.mintz@enron.com	33208	null	null
mintz.jordan@enron.com	33208	null	null
cindy.long@enron.com	33209	null	null
cabramo@msn.com	33210	null	null
cabramo@bloomberg.net	33210	null	null
george_ford@itc.co.harris.tx.us	33211	null	null
alma.campos@wcom.com	33212	null	null
peter.sellars@emetra.com	33213	null	null
msueward@worldnet.att.net	33214	null	null
bill_lewis@mckinsey.com	33215	null	null
dcramer@as-coa.org	33216	null	null
lydia.garza@enron.com	33217	null	null
freimer.1@osu.edu	33218	null	null
nrazook@ou.edu	33219	null	null
mbeckworth@velaw.com	33220	null	null
rharman@bass-associates.com	33221	null	null
regina.blackshear@enron.com	33222	null	null
kpwood3@yahoo.com	33223	null	null
mlojo@truecos.com	33224	null	null
hvu@mayerbrown.com	33225	null	null
amcshea@resource-solutions.org	33226	null	null
ervala@juno.com	33227	null	null
alove570@cs.com	33228	null	null
paul.chivers@enron.com	33229	null	null
bill.jaede@enron.com	33230	null	null
mbiggar@bdo.com	33231	null	null
ned.crady@enron.com	33232	null	null
countchoc@hotmail.com	33233	null	null
jrrah@hotmail.com	33234	null	null
richard.crevelt@enron.com	33235	null	null
rmorrow@socalgas.com	33236	null	null
joehillings@aol.com	33237	null	null
radamiak@cabotlng.com	33238	null	null
grant.cox@enron.com	33239	null	null
shana.ott@elpaso.com	33240	null	null
kjarrell@smurfit.com	33241	null	null
krejcir@kindermorgan.com	33242	null	null
david.j.maier@usa.dupont.com	33243	null	null
dennis.j.hoffman@ca.pwcglobal.com	33244	null	null
harry.bucalo@enron.com	33245	null	null
joe.lakes@enron.com	33246	null	null
lawrence.t.babbio.jr@verizon.com	33247	null	null
darin.carlisle@enron.com	33248	null	null
jim.stidham@uk.pwcglobal.com	33249	null	null
steve_croy@eogresources.com	33250	null	null
pool.jessica@enron.com	33251	null	null
steve.murphy@pinnaclewest.com	33252	null	null
rachael.venable@enron.com	33253	null	null
lawrencen@pinnacleusa.com	33254	null	null
darren.gurner@enron.com	33255	null	null
maktay@superonline.com	33256	null	null
danaggie@hotmail.com	33257	null	null
foster.smith@elpaso.com	33258	null	null
maco99@eudoramail.com	33259	null	null
dlouise@lanefinancialllc.com	33260	null	null
benjamin.freeman@enron.com	33261	null	null
bcalvin@tk.ca	33262	null	null
gsomers@viviance.com	33263	null	null
barb.novak@enron.com	33264	null	null
rstanzione@isda.org	33265	null	null
cjpauley@bpa.gov	33266	null	null
rgwelch@insync.net	33267	null	null
james.hecklar@csfb.com	33268	null	null
gonarvco@aol.com	33269	null	null
cmims@ops.org	33270	null	null
mcook1@tulane.edu	33271	null	null
vpimenov@enron.com	33272	null	null
simon.greenshields@morganstanley.com	33273	null	null
frank.vickers@enron.com	33274	null	null
premierlg@ev1.net	33275	null	null
steve.stock@enron.com	33276	null	null
derek.naten@roche.com	33277	null	null
malbanese@holthouseinterests.com	33278	null	null
bmgmusicservice501@emsiweb.com	33279	null	null
pseward@lglawfirm.com	33280	null	null
drobinson@cshnyc.org	33281	null	null
gary.schoonyan@sce.com	33282	null	null
cortej@tdusa.com	33283	null	null
ken.gustafson@enron.com	33284	null	null
gkoepke@enron.com	33285	null	null
allison.steury@enron.com	33286	null	null
cwester@duke-energy.com	33287	null	null
lian.ji@enron.com	33288	null	null
daniel.orbeck@enron.com	33289	null	null
jeff.gilliam@enron.com	33290	null	null
jess.galura@enron.com	33291	null	null
sandra.wilson@enron.com	33292	null	null
w.kent.baker@accenture.com	33293	null	null
430932.282345671.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	33294	null	null
rwebb@bdagov.bm	33295	null	null
smobarek@newportgen.com	33296	null	null
martha.utley@enron.com	33297	null	null
cindy.vachuska@enron.com	33298	null	null
andrew.w.alter@ssmb.com	33299	null	null
agriffin@texicannaturalgas.com	33300	null	null
dperkins@enserco.com	33301	null	null
dl-ga-all_ews_employees@enron.com	33302	null	null
gennaro.contella@chase.com	33303	null	null
kdanfort@petro-canada.ca	33304	null	null
randy.huff@enron.com	33305	null	null
estf@nerc.com	33306	null	null
kimv@palacios.k12.tx.us	33307	null	null
ebiziness2000@verizonmail.com	33308	null	null
lleibman@enron.com	33309	null	null
btychol@ect.enron.com	33310	null	null
rrs5@pge.com	33311	null	null
jprussell@duke-energy.com	33312	null	null
hampshire-cowan@enron.com	33313	null	null
michael.norden@enron.com	33314	null	null
charles.taylor@enron.com	33315	null	null
brad.mckay@enron.com	33316	null	null
g..slaughter@enron.com	33317	null	null
rick.willson@enron.com	33318	null	null
alton.holloway@enron.com	33319	null	null
gayla.seiter@enron.com	33320	null	null
chris.norris@enron.com	33321	null	null
slord@petro-canada.ca	33322	null	null
r-0-730602-3334597-2-6905-us2-512b8d9c@xmr3.com	33323	null	null
john.swafford@enron.com	33324	null	null
jad.doan@enron.com	33325	null	null
crileyraymond@hotmail.com	33326	null	null
rudwell.johnson@enron.com	33327	null	null
mildred.cornelius@gsb.uchicago.edu	33328	null	null
popescu.anamaria@enron.com	33329	null	null
mdockens79@msn.com	33330	null	null
ccobb@akllp.com	33331	null	null
khairuddinbmjaafar@petronas.com.my	33332	null	null
lkuch@mh.com	33333	null	null
tech_786@yahoo.com	33334	null	null
jim.dyer@bus.utexas.edu	33335	null	null
william.glass@ubs.com	33336	null	null
dcspencer@duke-energy.com	33337	null	null
fehring@aloha.net	33338	null	null
horace.snyder@enron.com	33339	null	null
ameritrade_021135@ameritrade.customer-email.com	33340	null	null
bclcomputers@lb.bcentral.com	33341	null	null
grossbem@tklaw.com	33342	null	null
louise.bratby@enron.com	33343	null	null
jgriffin@mtpower.com	33344	null	null
fgobbo@luiss.it	33345	null	null
epr@pipeline.com	33346	null	null
sally.hsieh@enron.com	33347	null	null
bill_alison@kindermorgan.com	33348	null	null
kieranmurray@compuserve.com	33349	null	null
shigeru_asai@sanwabank.co.jp	33350	null	null
edward.coats@enron.com	33351	null	null
skmaloney@yahoo.com	33352	null	null
alagiry.srinivasan@enron.com	33353	null	null
cassandra.alston@enron.com	33354	null	null
bryant.tong@pge-corp.com	33355	null	null
stumpy@enterprise.net	33356	null	null
robin.veariel@enron.com	33357	null	null
guido.govers@enron.com	33358	null	null
zanchett.silvia@enron.com	33359	null	null
speterson@seade.com	33360	null	null
new-for-you@amazon.com	33361	null	null
kford1@txu.com	33362	null	null
1800flowers.199693062@s2u2.com	33363	null	null
erick_johnson@pngc.com	33364	null	null
abnjlc@earthlink.net	33365	null	null
grefford@ieee.org	33366	null	null
tina.ward@enron.com	33367	null	null
ahimsaom@cs.com	33368	null	null
trowley@exchange.ml.com	33369	null	null
joseph.carrico@ib.bankgesellschaft.de	33370	null	null
cathy_pocock@apsc.com	33371	null	null
cathy.pocock@pinnaclewest.com	33371	null	null
kevin.hopper@enron.com	33372	null	null
whitworthbr@i-mef.usmc.mil	33373	null	null
charles.whitlock@cinergy.com	33374	null	null
kirti.patel@enron.com	33375	null	null
pamela.j.allison@dynegy.com	33376	null	null
kmewig@yahoo.com	33377	null	null
cs1@bmgmusicservice.com	33378	null	null
lcroft@jetform.com	33379	null	null
lale@dynegy.com	33380	null	null
pflack@nlf-law.com	33381	null	null
calenehsvp@aol.com	33382	null	null
william.ramsay@iea.org	33383	null	null
rrrose@aep.com	33384	null	null
charles.c.uus@stasco.com	33385	null	null
auler.chad@enron.com	33386	null	null
joey.esperance@enron.com	33387	null	null
402698.86477310.2@1.americanexpress.com	33388	null	null
laura.hernandez@trw.com	33389	null	null
customerservice.879780.23152.0@service.potterybarn.com	33390	null	null
lisabarnwell1@yahoo.com	33391	null	null
msnnewsletters_036429@msnnewsletters.customer-email.com	33392	null	null
mingcheng.lian@enron.com	33393	null	null
catherine.brown@enron.com	33394	null	null
michael.kustra@morganstanley.com	33395	null	null
patryk.wlodarski@enron.com	33396	null	null
ylwzrpgi68d@hotmail.com	33397	null	null
activenrma@listserv.amunet.edu	33398	null	null
trushar.patel@enron.com	33399	null	null
kulvinder.fowler@enron.com	33400	null	null
lauren.schlesinger@enron.com	33401	null	null
richard.r.oconnor@rssmb.com	33402	null	null
gilbert.whitaker@enron.com	33403	null	null
courtnie.parker@enron.com	33404	null	null
cormanerb@cs.com	33405	null	null
mallikd@wharton.upenn.edu	33406	null	null
jane.blizzard@travelpark.com	33407	null	null
urs.widmer@ubs.com	33408	null	null
josepht@hallequitiesgroup.com	33409	null	null
wbooth@booth-law.com	33410	null	null
tanya.tamarchenko@enron.com	33411	null	null
dave.maxey@enron.com	33412	null	null
v..monaghan@enron.com	33413	null	null
melanie.facundo@enron.com	33414	null	null
janice.r.moore@enron.com	33415	null	null
doug.skordal@nike.com	33416	null	null
kayne.coulter@enron.com	33417	null	null
winfreestuff_com.ue.s4614.s17209767@ixs2.net	33418	null	null
han.goh@enron.com	33419	null	null
arter".'"tamara@enron.com	33420	null	null
dave.schulgen@enron.com	33421	null	null
nationalbrands@processrequest.com	33422	null	null
mark.lavine@enron.com	33423	null	null
awhitman@kraft.com	33424	null	null
donnellyk@coned.com	33425	null	null
noemi.camacho@enron.com	33426	null	null
willard.etheridge@enron.com	33427	null	null
pallavi.goradia@enron.com	33428	null	null
moseley_l@piedmont.tec.sc.us	33429	null	null
paulie000@hotmail.com	33430	null	null
rich.brugger@northwestern.com	33431	null	null
samuel.harrell@enron.com	33432	null	null
angie.o'brian@enron.com	33433	null	null
tlyons@iona.com	33434	null	null
technology.enron@enron.com	33435	null	null
amicucci.michelle@enron.com	33436	null	null
radioa@radioamerica.org	33437	null	null
cxqcc@usa.net	33438	null	null
bill.appleby@enron.com	33439	null	null
aguevara@llgm.com	33440	null	null
juliana.sherman@enron.com	33441	null	null
triana@lists.em5000.com	33442	null	null
brandons@calpine.com	33443	null	null
warren.angela@enron.com	33444	null	null
kelly.tisman@enron.com	33445	null	null
pzcummins@aol.com	33446	null	null
dldyer@sbcglobal.net	33447	null	null
summerfield@dceg.com	33448	null	null
jduvall@rice.edu	33449	null	null
skcook@uniontexas.com	33450	null	null
james.marks@enron.com	33451	null	null
lbdcon@hotmail.com	33452	null	null
clark.smith@elpaso.com	33453	null	null
justchris63@hotmail.com	33454	null	null
mmetts@enron.com	33455	null	null
carlos.torres@enron.com	33456	null	null
cmasterson@houstontech.org	33457	null	null
timothy.hamilton@enron.com	33458	null	null
vps.mds@enron.com	33459	null	null
marcus.dotson@enron.com	33460	null	null
homb.nancy@enron.com	33461	null	null
jackstraw29@hotmail.com	33462	null	null
law249.1@mail.law.berkeley.edu	33463	null	null
john.abraham@enron.com	33464	null	null
darnellmo@aol.com	33465	null	null
trb@ux7.sp.cs.cmu.edu	33466	null	null
cshaw@siebel.com	33467	null	null
josie.jarnagin@enron.com	33468	null	null
jiangz@andrew.cmu.edu	33469	null	null
dlewis@csw.com	33470	null	null
r..lachner@enron.com	33471	null	null
jeffrey.goldberg@wcom.com	33472	null	null
jbrooker@ctdk.com	33473	null	null
paul.lowry@enron.com	33474	null	null
ibuyit.approvers@enron.com	33475	null	null
david.cummings@enron.com	33476	null	null
greg.schlender@enron.com	33477	null	null
azaremba@fzci.net	33478	null	null
heidi.mason@enron.com	33479	null	null
dforster@enron.com	33480	null	null
rod.'michael@enron.com	33481	null	null
hartleyr@wharton.upenn.edu	33482	null	null
ban.sharma@enron.com	33483	null	null
laine.lobban@elpaso.com	33484	null	null
danetta.beaushaw@ps.ge.com	33485	null	null
kristi.lehtinen@enron.com	33486	null	null
thavell@aclu-il.org	33487	null	null
marilyn.baker@enron.com	33488	null	null
gffoulkes@bpa.gov	33489	null	null
carter.ellis@enron.com	33490	null	null
stuart.seeligson@enron.com	33491	null	null
rjhickok@duke-energy.com	33492	null	null
vp.robert@enron.com	33493	null	null
rodneyg@interaccess.com	33494	null	null
scott.moncrieff@enron.com	33495	null	null
mrowley@apx.com	33496	null	null
mark.elliott@enron.com	33497	null	null
elizabeth.resendiz@enron.com	33498	null	null
mccray.jim@dorseylaw.com	33499	null	null
eolhelp@enrononline.com	33500	null	null
richard.lewis@enron.com	33501	null	null
connors'.'gene@enron.com	33502	null	null
dsdjnzt5e5@msn.com	33503	null	null
ccstaff@haas.berkeley.edu	33504	null	null
confirm_4_c96d622c1948b9012ad5ffa45d6e85164b65b782e49dd75687617067638e7361_bendover1971@newman.oscar.aol.com	33505	null	null
rebecca.miles@enron.com	33506	null	null
melissa.murphy@enron.com	33507	null	null
wmcclean@wharton.upenn.edu	33508	null	null
mitch.meyer@enron.com	33509	null	null
co.o.l._111400@airmail.continental.com	33510	null	null
zvo2z17d0@untappedmarkets.com	33511	null	null
hingoran@rice.edu	33512	null	null
martin.esarte@clorox.com	33513	null	null
bharat.khanna@enron.com	33514	null	null
twanda.sweet@enron.com	33515	null	null
lzaragoz@epelectric.com	33516	null	null
dl-equity@enron.com	33517	null	null
6.979.74-k8cqscl4n6aqwdrr.1@mail3.travelocity.com	33518	null	null
knowledgeman1300@hotmail.com	33519	null	null
howard.petty@enron.com	33520	null	null
simon_platel@aigi.com	33521	null	null
cmorado20@hotmail.com	33522	null	null
cobbc@andrews-kurth.com	33523	null	null
aepin@aep.com	33524	null	null
asmythe@isda.org	33525	null	null
dudley.poston@williams.com	33526	null	null
ac76@earthlink.net	33527	null	null
tricia.truong@enron.com	33528	null	null
pka523@aol.com	33529	null	null
r-3-734783-3757696-2-4597-us2-852b4a11@xmr3.com	33530	null	null
shawna.flynn@enron.com	33531	null	null
carol_airey@altagas.ca	33532	null	null
nmez@msn.com	33533	null	null
cheryl.jones@enron.com	33534	null	null
networkcommerce-tbqi20020126@ombramarketing.com	33535	null	null
kabirch@ufl.edu	33536	null	null
pierre.gaulle@enron.com	33537	null	null
christina.liscano@enron.com	33538	null	null
bartolacci228@yahoo.com	33539	null	null
harder.york@enron.com	33540	null	null
ganesan.ramesh@enron.com	33541	null	null
tim.t.roberts@ope.shell.com	33542	null	null
elizabeth.labanowski@enron.com	33543	null	null
nunes.renata@enron.com	33544	null	null
bgambrell@corestaff.com	33545	null	null
george.goben@pacificorp.com	33546	null	null
jhmcgrew@brudergentile.com	33547	null	null
campbell'.'peter@enron.com	33548	null	null
dan.rittgers@enron.com	33549	null	null
sbutts@bcck.com	33550	null	null
hellokaren@aol.com	33551	null	null
marcie.milner@enron.com	33552	null	null
mcoleman@maximgroup.com	33553	null	null
rxrenche@llgm.com	33554	null	null
ann.eason@enron.com	33555	null	null
arnie.bailey@enron.com	33556	null	null
vhedge@winston.com	33557	null	null
jschwiger@houston.rr.com	33558	null	null
susan.hopkinson@lovells.com	33559	null	null
l_a_bohuslav@hotmail.com	33560	null	null
bill.hatch@enron.com	33561	null	null
rsmces@aol.com	33562	null	null
machale@miller-llc.com	33563	null	null
john.shafer.enronxgate@enron.com	33564	null	null
kkampe@denus.jnj.com	33565	null	null
hr.taylor@enron.com	33566	null	null
custsrv@whiteflowerfarm.com	33567	null	null
knedrager@buddybistro.com	33568	null	null
richard.shelton@morganstanley.com	33569	null	null
thomp@andrews-kurth.com	33570	null	null
ebrooks@rbac.com	33571	null	null
bvriley@enron.com	33572	null	null
laura.okeefe@enron.com	33573	null	null
stephen_kruft@swissre.com	33574	null	null
monte.jones@enron.com	33575	null	null
alberto.levy@enron.com	33576	null	null
edwin.moses@enron.com	33577	null	null
grendel@enron.com	33578	null	null
robbrnglsn@aol.com	33579	null	null
gberry@solutionsco.com	33580	null	null
dhoneycutt@coral-energy.com	33581	null	null
leafharasin@yahoo.com	33582	null	null
jake_scarbrough@hotmail.com	33583	null	null
rdenoski@holnam.com	33584	null	null
alex.saldana@enron.com	33585	null	null
heidi.schrab@greenmountain.com	33586	null	null
lehmann'.'chuck@enron.com	33587	null	null
marie.mcduff@compaq.com	33588	null	null
dwight.beach@enron.com	33589	null	null
4y2wgyg621@msn.com	33590	null	null
mpoulso@ect.enron.com	33591	null	null
paul.barrington@enron.com	33592	null	null
rebecca.smith@wsj.com	33593	null	null
oxkd@aol.com	33594	null	null
jn2itvfvcu@hotmail.com	33595	null	null
espnnews_sp8@espn.go.com	33596	null	null
eric.irani@enron.com	33597	null	null
boying@ci.long-beach.ca.us	33598	null	null
j..bonin@enron.com	33599	null	null
hannanc@teleport.com	33600	null	null
mbmailer@marketbrowser.com	33601	null	null
sreza@br-inc.com	33602	null	null
terry.kowalke@enron.com	33603	null	null
suzie.hijazi@enron.com	33604	null	null
glenda.wagner@enron.com	33605	null	null
swepston.deanna@enron.com	33606	null	null
jwfriend@dow.com	33607	null	null
robert_healy@msn.com	33608	null	null
forester.dh@enron.com	33609	null	null
insynconline.6jgy8kdc.d@insync-palm.com	33610	null	null
lingenfelter.al@enron.com	33611	null	null
pmadison@lexfurniture.com	33612	null	null
amandalbrewer@hotmail.com	33613	null	null
nyfeders@msn.com	33614	null	null
343011.18905264.2@lists.economist.com	33615	null	null
galarza@mailman.enron.com	33616	null	null
anthonydensieski@nymex.com	33617	null	null
stevens_hollister@eott.com	33618	null	null
pfriedland@ny.whitecase.com	33619	null	null
angel.flight.south.central.pilots.list@angelflightsc.org	33620	null	null
john.shoobridge@enron.com	33621	null	null
colin.cushnie@sce.com	33622	null	null
ames.steffes@enron.com	33623	null	null
bgoodman@enron.com	33624	null	null
alucio@vertical.net	33625	null	null
gudtwddspm@ever2.beontarget.com	33626	null	null
tpezze@alleghenyenergy.com	33627	null	null
bcn3@pge.com	33628	null	null
mireya.olsen@enron.com	33629	null	null
chuck.watson@dynegy.com	33630	null	null
jason.jennaro@enron.com	33631	null	null
pberle@audubon.org	33632	null	null
george.ho@enron.com	33633	null	null
jennifer.johnson@enron.com	33634	null	null
james.r.allred@bankofamerica.com	33635	null	null
maureen_piercey@transalta.com	33636	null	null
mbc.10@reply.pm0.net	33637	null	null
ofelia.morales@enron.com	33638	null	null
gary.dreadin@enron.com	33639	null	null
namuathome@aol.com	33640	null	null
anntares@yahoo.com	33641	null	null
knockj@epenergy.com	33642	null	null
reneehu@review.com	33643	null	null
dave.kristich@enron.com	33644	null	null
tomd1966@yahoo.com	33645	null	null
morning24@alerts.equityalert.com	33646	null	null
ramona.pullin@exxon.sprint.com	33647	null	null
keason@serenityretreat.com	33648	null	null
harry.gregory@elpaso.com	33649	null	null
pulliam.mark@enron.com	33650	null	null
kkgaz@daum.net	33651	null	null
cpena@velaw.com	33652	null	null
laura.olsovsky@enron.com	33653	null	null
patty.grutzmacher@enron.com	33654	null	null
scott.joyce@bankofamerica.com	33655	null	null
dshipman@scana.com	33656	null	null
steven_t_sweet@calpx.com	33657	null	null
elizabethrhood@hotmail.com	33658	null	null
jay.sparling@enron.com	33659	null	null
tlittleman@aol.com	33660	null	null
brent.enron@enron.com	33661	null	null
daily_news_html.um.a.1.4050@lists.smartmoney.com	33662	null	null
glenn.surowiec@enron.com	33663	null	null
lurmas@hotmail.com	33664	null	null
john.griffith@enron.com	33665	null	null
kathy.sturr@enron.com	33666	null	null
8a7pza@msn.com	33667	null	null
drew.lynch@enron.com	33668	null	null
gwhipple@us.ibm.com	33669	null	null
philip.levy@chase.com	33670	null	null
hunaid.engineer@enron.com	33671	null	null
rhayes@cantor.com	33672	null	null
hhughes@fpmsi.com	33673	null	null
jkeebler@mge.com	33674	null	null
achowdry@transenergy.com	33675	null	null
debra.thompson@enron.com	33676	null	null
duluth1@yahoo.com	33677	null	null
jdandrea@keyspanenergy.com	33678	null	null
posta_mailer.1-5631804-5608569-crc0a0c0@tumble2.datek.com	33679	null	null
aheinle@midwestiso.org	33680	null	null
legacy@idcomm.com	33681	null	null
peeterl@bp.com	33682	null	null
rnayak3@csc.com	33683	null	null
kateellsworth@earthlink.net	33684	null	null
david.bayless@utility.com	33685	null	null
stephen.jensen@mba02.bus.utexas.edu	33686	null	null
lizard_ar@yahoo.com	33687	null	null
chouda@nmh.org	33688	null	null
andreas.kraus@enron.com	33689	null	null
matthew.goering@enron.com	33690	null	null
robert.petrocelli@ferc.fed.us	33691	null	null
mario.brunasso@enron.com	33692	null	null
e18736@newmail.ru	33693	null	null
danandjen@charter.net	33694	null	null
cynthia.gonter@enron.com	33695	null	null
roynolen@aol.com	33696	null	null
schneider_michael@jpmorgan.com	33697	null	null
bplmn@126.com	33698	null	null
sheiladasovich@yahoo.com	33699	null	null
jay.knoblauh@enron.com	33700	null	null
ceg_ir-sec.um.a.2.105071@joinmail.ccbn.com	33701	null	null
stevehallock@qwest.net	33702	null	null
lb_electronic_orders@dell.com	33703	null	null
nicomariscalt@marhnos.com.mx	33704	null	null
cj3@georgewbush.com	33705	null	null
capelliac@bernstein.com	33706	null	null
pfolse@susmangodfrey.com	33707	null	null
faslloyd@htg.net	33708	null	null
wallet-feedback@yahoo-inc.com	33709	null	null
money.in.motion@mailman.enron.com	33710	null	null
mfleming@lehman.com	33711	null	null
pap4628@cisyellow.carenet.org	33712	null	null
jdavidellwanger@swlegal.org	33713	null	null
lora.aria@lgeenergy.com	33714	null	null
ursula.mills@ubsw.com	33715	null	null
jeff.borg@enron.com	33716	null	null
stacey.neuwilier@enron.com	33717	null	null
bcherry@sempra.com	33718	null	null
dabrabb@calpx.com	33719	null	null
girish.kaimal@enron.com	33720	null	null
lmilowe@scmc.org	33721	null	null
robert.foree@enron.com	33722	null	null
ray.shirai@cwt.com	33723	null	null
lrand@enron.com	33724	null	null
bhoskins@hotmail.com	33725	null	null
federal@enron.com	33726	null	null
athomas1@dellnet.com	33727	null	null
gerry_cashiola@hp.com	33728	null	null
chompers@flash.net	33729	null	null
dpeppers@flashfind.com	33730	null	null
businessbrowser_support@onesource.com	33731	null	null
ranabir.louise@enron.com	33732	null	null
derek.lee@enron.com	33733	null	null
barbdillard@prodigy.net	33734	null	null
trademup@yahoo.com	33735	null	null
jansen'.'eric@enron.com	33736	null	null
jessemorris@entouch.net	33737	null	null
lmunden@enron.com	33738	null	null
flatwoodsfarms@msn.com	33739	null	null
upvpn@cs.com	33740	null	null
peterb@calpine.com	33741	null	null
gwadmin@sullcrom.com	33742	null	null
norma.chavez@enron.com	33743	null	null
scott.barthel@enron.com	33744	null	null
melf116@aol.com	33745	null	null
cornelli@acpub.duke.edu	33746	null	null
william.aldinger@enron.com	33747	null	null
wurmanrs@aol.com	33748	null	null
start.the.new.year.with.a.clean.slate@mailman.enron.com	33749	null	null
felica@altavista.com	33750	null	null
mpascual@mdbe.com	33751	null	null
ebay.13406357.3029.0@reply.ebay.com	33752	null	null
leonard.r.epelbaum@us.andersen.com	33753	null	null
e9354@portugalmail.com	33754	null	null
howdes@portugalmail.pt	33755	null	null
lori_smith@dell.com	33756	null	null
shantels@activestate.com	33757	null	null
egghead@mailmediary.com	33758	null	null
dugas'.'alex@enron.com	33759	null	null
thestreet32@offers2.mail-thestreet.com	33760	null	null
alembka".'"lech@enron.com	33761	null	null
eklemperer@erisk.com	33762	null	null
steven.fisher@enron.com	33763	null	null
christian.werner@enron.com	33764	null	null
laverne.dietz@enron.com	33765	null	null
brenda015@usa.net	33766	null	null
'.'peder@enron.com	33767	null	null
4bk1zth@msn.com	33768	null	null
tammy.barta@enron.com	33769	null	null
tanners4@earthlink.net	33770	null	null
nsanjines@lapaz.mail.fco.gov.uk	33771	null	null
lisafanning@homecomings.com	33772	null	null
llam21@hotmail.com	33773	null	null
jennav6@excite.com	33774	null	null
moo123@flash.net	33775	null	null
pinckney@centerbrook.com	33776	null	null
john.kennell@enron.com	33777	null	null
dee.hagy@enron.com	33778	null	null
shanaynay83@hotmail.com	33779	null	null
shillward@hess.com	33780	null	null
gkron1@hotmail.com	33781	null	null
abre@brecoholdings.com	33782	null	null
glenn.connors@enron.com	33783	null	null
kgough@calpine.com	33784	null	null
lindauere@sullcrom.com	33785	null	null
mfloyd@ingaa.org	33786	null	null
whanger.sheila@enron.com	33787	null	null
gary.justice@enron.com	33788	null	null
dtheroux@independent.org	33789	null	null
cle_ese@speakeasy.net	33790	null	null
elizabeth.soto@enron.com	33791	null	null
neeti.khosla@enron.com	33792	null	null
richardwalker@chase.com	33793	null	null
pete.kurz@enron.com	33794	null	null
anna.ferrera@sen.ca.gov	33795	null	null
feyq10@msn.com	33796	null	null
20team@wilmer.com	33797	null	null
acfs@arminco.com	33798	null	null
luis.gonzales@enron.com	33799	null	null
aahyman@bpa.gov	33800	null	null
tim.dorsey@enron.com	33801	null	null
karla.feldman@enron.com	33802	null	null
rpearson@oilstates.com	33803	null	null
jp2@jmbm.com	33804	null	null
mark.eilers@enron.com	33805	null	null
lay.natalie@enron.com	33806	null	null
dimeff@haas.berkeley.edu	33807	null	null
delaine.kurth@enron.com	33808	null	null
goodman.mike@epenergy.com	33809	null	null
jgarris2@azurix.com	33810	null	null
ken.curry@enron.com	33811	null	null
419899.247679897.1@newsbyemail.ft.com	33812	null	null
faretracker_019565@expedia.customer-email.com	33813	null	null
david.matthews@enron.com	33814	null	null
shahnaz.lakho@enron.com	33815	null	null
john.estrada@motorola.com	33816	null	null
petroleumworldreaders@hotmail.com	33817	null	null
pastorhess@hotmail.com	33818	null	null
hbeale2000@aol.com	33819	null	null
ed.nicoll@datek2.m0.net	33820	null	null
